On this date, May 01 in 2003 we lost a beloved angel. Missed greatly forever. RIP ⁦ ⁦
 on Johnny Carson promoting Rocky III talking about  part
It’s almost like the 68 Monster is telling the Demon your in my spot,I’m faster and more powerful than you so move brother ! 
 Could I get a RT? Met you in Melbourne,
 Remember us? Today our daughter is leaving for Navy Boot Camp & is embarking on a new chapter in her life. My advice to her was ‘when you feel like you can’t go on 1 more step-Hulk it up! If he can slam a Giant, you can too!’ Can we get a RT for her – at Peace
Dear  , If you have a little time, please look at my painting! I'd be very happy!  I'm curious your
5 years ago today I made my debut at  in Clearwater, Florida!!!
Little did I know the next day I’d meet 
 whatcha gonna do
Just left  Clearwater Beach Shop, such a cool experience. Bought my first ever outfit for my upcoming baby boy, and of course it says Hulkamania. Showed the guy who works there the Hulk memorabilia piece I made from Rock n Wrestling and he loved it. Hulk whatcha
Funney Glasses
The Mega Powers were bonded for the cornhole tournament to support #NathanaelsFight #CancerAwareness 
 Made sure I went to Hogan’s Beach Shop the first night in
Nothing like a good cup of coffee in the morning   


Hulk Hogan in the house.


 little Ralph is a
 It's gonna be a Hulkamaniac kind of
Hulkster, can we please get a like for these nextgen hulkamaniacs? Thanks brother! 
Yes BROTHER  
My beach friends have never even asked for an autograph lol. N Beach Crew brother
For those people that don’t understand why I won’t live in airports or travel 250-275 days a year anymore brother
17yrs ago today. Seems like yesterday I was crowned the first #WWE CHAMPION brother
My parents have been visiting me for years in Tampa. Dad keeps asking me to take him to  and today I finally did. Check out that smile on my dad's face with  Thank you for the time!! This made his
Ready to go #Crusin #Brother #Shotgun
Do we pull it off?   
I dreamed all night that this 69 Roadrunner was mine and I was supposed to drive it to the ring at Wrestlemania to fight Vince for control of WWE but it wouldn’t go in drive because Vince told it not to ,the car was talking back to me,total nightmare brother
 nothing completes vacation like a stop at Hulk Hogan’s Beach Shop - Orlando!   can we get a retweet for Jack Jack and Thunderlips
Enjoying a glass of tequila & thinking about this upcoming awesome   film. Will Zeus be in it? Will it show his nWo days? Who will be Andre? Will  portray himself? Will it show the #ThunderInParadise era? Many questions...  
Funney Glasses

Finally...   #hulkamania
 just checked out Hogan’s Beach shop Orlando. Awesome
 sporting that Hogan shirt I picked up at your beach shop in Orlando
Just watched VICE the dark side of Macho Man 5 out of 10 ,really good but relied too much on a couple of pictures someone had and believed stories that were half truths and some that were just wrong,what a shame they didn’t check all sources HH
 went to give the little one a kiss goodbye before heading to work, guess she was dreaming about Hulkamania running wild
 #TeamHogan
Best part of   #hulkhogan
Heaven gained a real champ last night   can I get a retweet for my grandma, the biggest Hulkamaniac of all time, down since day
Awesome shop brother!! Had a wonderful time there 
 #Hulkamania has officially showed up on the sight of  36. #hulkamaniacs
 Watcha gonna do when the Canadian Hulkamaniacs run wild on  brother!!!
 can I get a “Hell yeah, Brother!” My girlfriend hasn’t stopped saying it since I took her to a local show Saturday night. 
Couldnt agree more!  It was a pleasure meeting you on Sunday George. I’ll definitely make sure to say hi to Luke the next time I see
Absolutely incredible 2C  running wild  Wrestlemania once again!

I remember watching the very first WM with my dad, and it’s awesome 2 make memories with my own Hulkamaniacs now!

Teaching them 2 , say their , and take their !

Please RT for us,
It was awesome seeing you back home where you belong #Brother #HulkAMania4Life #Immortal
WWE doesn’t play around,it doesn’t get bigger or better than this. Brother
Getting ready to tear it down brother
It’s #WrestleMania Sunday. Also known as the one day of the year when I turn back into this kid.  
Happy #Wrestlemania35 Sunday!  #nWo      
 already at stadium gearing up for
 My brother on his way to 

I love NY but I wish NY has my N Beach sunsets brother
What an epic main event. The crowd was divided as well as all my friends watching that night at my friends house on PPV. I was 19 yrs young! I grew up a #HulkAManiac but even at the time I understood why Warrior went over that night, plus I was a huge Warrior fan as

You have no idea how scary the Boss could be in a bar about 2am brother
The #MegaPowers exploded 30 years ago today when the madness went against the power of the #Hulkamania in this epic
IQ has to be under 50 brother.
How you got yourself one of these fine t-shirts? If not what are you waiting for???    #ManUp #Demboys
“ Last stop Penn Station”

Part 4 

The strange tale of The Camel the worlds worst ticket scalper and Wrestlemania 2.

⁦ ⁦ ⁦ ⁦ 

#wwe
Last stop Penn station
this is my story part three.

Wrestlemania 2 and the Camel

⁦ ⁦ ⁦ ⁦ 

#wwe
“Last stop Penn Station” part two of my wrestlemania two story and the camel.

⁦ ⁦ ⁦ ⁦ 

#WatchROH #wwe
Tonight 8PM ET #StreamingForVengeance      Sea of Honor Tournament           
LIVE from  #LasVegas tonight 9PM ET  #ROHDBDH If you can't be there Stream the PPV on    at   |        
Looks like #DemBoys ain't play'n around!   send a message to   #The Addiction ahead of #ROHDBDH | It Streams LIVE on    at   Fri Sept 28th |  
Top #ROHDBD Moments: #4
Ladder War III: The Briscoes vs ANX
#ROHDBD 2011 (Streaming now for #HonorClub)

#ROHDBD 2018 - THIS FRIDAY - 9e/6p -  
LIVE on PPV / FREE for #HonorClub VIP - 50% off for Standard Members /  
Tickets:  
The Briscoes are #GoingToTheGarden...Are you??

LAST CALL to join #HonorClub and receive your unique pre-sale code for #G1Supercard 

Join by 11:59 EDT TONIGHT at  
Jigsaw and Mark Briscoe superplex to Necro Butcher to the
Psalm 6:2
Thanks everybody for the thoughts and
How you got yourself one of these fine t-shirts? If not what are you waiting for???    #ManUp #Demboys
  
  
People who hate people are lame. Including people who hate people for hating other people .#ThisIsNotUS
Sale starts July 6!!

So it's finally here.. Let's make it a memorable one. #njusa #G1USA #NJPW
You'll look great!  killing it 

#villain  
I got to draw the Young Bucks & Kenny Omega for the mysterious The Elite shirt included in July's Wrestlecrate
U Buy
  
Got to meet Brett Como this past weekend in BC. In our little wrestling world he’s a bit of a
I had this wild idea of wrestling a bear. Only to find out that apparently bears can do tag matches as well. What can’t these wild beasts do? 
Had a blast in Vernon and Penticton BC this weekend for Thrash Wrestling. Good group of younger guys who are hungry for knowledge
We are excited to build a new legacy at Buenavista Banquets on 76th & Oklahoma!  Here is our booked dates for the rest of
Back in the day when men were men. There was also wrestling bears. I’m just gonna put it out there, find a wrestling bear so I  can wrestle him. Or her, I guess I’d do the inter gender thing with a bear.
Been switching up my training and tonight in Vernon BC I saw the fruits of hard work paying off. I was like a wrestling machine in the ring. My gas tank won’t empty and the Technician of Honor is only getting started
Sometimes you gotta bleed for
Looking forward to this one. A little Lucha from the last real luchadore might come out 
Here’s my boy helping tear down after Friday’s  show. I told him he needs to be broken in the right way and he wouldn’t have it any other
I’d like to think this basket would be called “the local
Here is some PUNK running in a match last night  you never know who’s in gonna show up at our shows. Former world champions have been stopping in at the last couple shows!!! Don’t miss out on May 17 at our new home Buenavista Banquets 76&oklahoma next to AMF lanes 
Jack made his own shirt for the  1 year anniversary show last night. He says him and a couple other guys sons are the kids faction. Couldn’t ask for a better
Last night we held  at the Knights of Columbus building in west allis the place was packed with 350 people. This place has had 25+ years of wrestling and is the place a lot of guys started. Guys like  as well as a Punk who showed up in a mask last night
Who knows?? There might be a Last Real Action figure in this line, if they're smart, there will be. 
My brain is starting to get in training mode. Love when that shiz happens
After  in Pittsburgh and Columbus + early flight yesterday meant sleep food GOT. Today it's back to building the technician.
When on the road it's either sheetz or Wawa. Today was sheetz. I must say Wawa is
Last night it was a steak and some whiskey, this morning it's the treadmill in the hotel. All great Men realize life needs balance.
Pittsburgh, felt it tonight
After  tonight they are gonna be calling me the Technician of Honor
From MSG to a small concert hall in Pittsburgh. No matter were I go, you know I'm gonna be dripping in manliness.
I'm not always down, or hip with the youngsters lingo. But is this the definition of being Thirsty? 
TONIGHT at 10 p.m. ET,  takes on   on  Don't miss
I'll gladly hit you any day, in the morning noon or night. Flip is gonna flop 
So much good wrestling in the last 6 days in NYC. Being able to be part of a history making event will never be forgotten.
Yes she did and they were top notch 
enzo and some tall guy who worked for the "big time" aka the place you get in trouble for breathing was in MSG hope these chumps can go
This is the Shit 
Life goal
David arquette was in NYC for wrestle mania weekend. Wanted to say hi but saw he was with DDP and I was afraid he'd try selling me on yoga
Sure why not??? She's been with the company for maybe a cup of coffee. 
SuperCard is days away and part timers have matches, all we need now is for Joe koff to book his kids and we can be just like the WWE.
You defended it impressively as well might I add
A wedding in Chicago Saturday night before getting that 6am flight to Baltimore. Might still be drunk when I whip  ass.
It's opening day for  this means warmer weather is around the corner
Love this shizz for a
This is what I like to refer to as piss pants cardio. You sweat so much it looks like you pissed your
Sometimes when I first pick up my phone after a night of drinking and notice 99+ notifications on twitter I worry about what I may have said
I could eat meat and potatoes every day of my life and be a happy man.
Had an awesome show last night and super proud of the whole  crew and locker room. So of course I wake up feeling like garbage
Working for  is like an abusive marriage. 6 years in sickness and health and when it's the big show it's sorry got nothing for u
Am I the only person who cranks the radio up whenever Paradise city by GnR comes on?
Milwaukee area fans don't forget we only have 2 shows left at the historical knights of Columbus building. 
Sign up and watch the adult version of Silas beat up 17 year old Silas. 
 just one of many but still much appreciated
I'll leave them all laying in the ashes. 
Ehh, nothing a little superglue couldn't
Damn right I deliver EVERY time. Booboos don't make daddy miss work. Pussies take off, men work through it. 
18 days till MSG, no match scheduled. Tore my ACL kept going torn calves and busted head kept going. Pussies took off, matches announced
A group of like minded people. 
This is a group of solid human beings.  made this whole thing happen 17 years ago. 
Been rewatching every season of Game of Thrones leading up to this seasons debut. Coming on Twitter made me realize how many wrestling fans are hardcore GOT fans as well. I guess you all are alright after all!!!
After landing in a plane. I have to look at my phone because the people who take forever to grab a bag out of the overhead are.gonna cause me a heart attack if I don't. what's worse is the people who get up right away then wait til it's their turn to leave and then reach for bag
Trump shut down some.planes which means I'm taking a bus to Chicago to fly out of O'Hare since  bumped me off my flight. A little hiccup isn't gonna keep me from showing Jon Gresham what pro wrestling is all about
See that's the problem. The line that says it all. He didn't pay guys AGAIN. If it happens once, shame on the promoter. if it happens a second time then shame on the guys for taking the booking.  
.Thanks    and so many others for the terrific words about     which features oodles of pro wrestling legends. Available for pre-sale now. Release date April 2. 

Check out the trailer: 
Eating at Carrabba's and I couldn't figure out who the waiter looked like until the end.  He's a heavyset  Manny Pacquiao
In most cases of driving if someone is swerving all over the road you would assume they are drunk, but in Milwaukee it just means they are avoiding the pot holes that look like a small bomb went off in. Or they are just drunk and avoiding potholes, it is Milwaukee after all.
Looks like Daddy is gonna have to show ol Jon boy what wrasslin is all about. 
King Kong Bundy was a larger than life performer and the first wrestling 8x10 promo pic I ever bought. Condolences to his family and thank you for the years of entertainment.
I am in my tux & I am ready for VIOLENCE!! My brother Matanza will destroy Dragon Azteca in the greatest #ULTIMALUCHA EVER #LuchaUnderground
TONIGHT! The Johnny Mundo vs Prince Puma feud comes down to this -Career vs Title #UltimaLuchaTres #LuchaUnderground 8p ET 
Less than one hour, Believers before we experience the HELL OF WAR on my #LuchaUnderground! #UltimaLuchaTres brings my kind of
Believers! It's Monday & you're probably miserable but this'll cheer you up - my favorite #LuchaUnderground moments  
Normally I don't like any police gear near my office, but tonight, I will make an exception for the 5-0 STREET FIGHT!
TOMORROW! What began w/ 32 Luchadors is down to PRINCE PUMA vs PENTAGON DARK! The #CuetoCup Finals! #LuchaUnderground 8p ET 
TOMORROW! The Mayor of Slamtown & the King of Lucha Libre! Johnny Mundo vs Rey Mysterio for the #LuchaUnderground Title! 8p ET 
Hey #LuchaUnderground fans go to    & tell em you are like  you love violence & want more LU. #Believe
. signing today at 2:30 pm! Booth #2343!
If you're at #SDCC, you can make your dream come true & meet me at Booth #2343. I'll have the #CuetoCup w/ me & am ready for your
El Jefe himself,  is coming to #SDCC! Your opportunity to meet him is FRIDAY JULY 21 2:30 PM at the  booth
#SDCC starts on Thursday! #LuchaUnderground stars will be doing signings at the  booth
BELIEVERS! Order my #LuchaUnderground merchandise from this new store which ships ALL OVER THE WORLD! 
30 minutes, my Believers...#LuchaUnderground
Tonight begins the next great chapter in my #LuchaUnderground - THE CUETO CUP!! #RINGTHEBELL
My Believers, I cannot wait for you to see what I have planned on Tonight's #LuchaUnderground #RINGTHEBELL
My Believers, this is my kind of night. My #LuchaUnderground is back with violence that goes ALL NIGHT LONG!!! #RINGTHEBELL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you have Netflix, then you can enter my Temple and become a #LuchaUnderground Believer &
One hour, my Believers... #LuchaUnderground
Damn, I'm looking good! #LuchaUnderground 
. Good job, but you're still not getting a Christmas bonus. #LuchaUnderground
These two are absolutely destroying each other for the chance at an ultimate opportunity.  Dario Cueto is a genius #LuchaUnderground
. Baddest? Or just the best? #RingTheBell
. That's because I'M REALLY FREAKING AWESOME 
. 
#LuchaUnderground FLASH SALE! Enter promo code CUETO for 15% off MUST ORDER by Monday 12/12/16 for guaranteed Christmas
Tonight is more than a unique opportunity... The stakes couldn't be any higher! #LuchaUnderground #BattleOfTheBulls
My Believers, El Jefe gives you a #LuchaUnderground treat. Enter my first name for 25% off but only until 11/28  
My Believers... I hope you're ready for war. It's #AztecWarfare time. #RingTheBell
Dress appropriately, my Believers, there's going to be a funeral tonight!
I bring you the best lucha libre AND the best game show on TV. Yep, Dario Cueto is your homeboy  

Only the best for my Believers  
Thank you to my employees for my #NationalBossDay present. Now stop kissing my ass and get back to work. The violence doesn't make itself. 
Divine intervention Lol
Can't wait for the main event. #DariosDialOfDoom is the best game show on television 
Love how El Jefe  is ALWAYS a step ahead of everyone.

Gotta win THREE for his Ultimate Opportunity! #LuchaUnderground
. 1. Yep, I am a genius. 2. We shall have a BEST OF FIVE SERIES!!!
 Ultimate Opportunity , Dario Dial of DOOM. WHAT MORE WE SHALL HAVE FROM A GENIUS LIKE YOU MR CUETO #LUCHAUNDERGROUND
. Especially the Cueto family.
So it begins.... Month end Celebration!     $$$$$
We are hours away from drawing our  Collaborative giveaway with  

Get your entires into the #Giveaway right NOW.

Winner walks away with double the merch.

 
#mixerstreamer
#RAW
Wore my  shirt to the movies tonight and got a ton of compliments and questions. Love every moment I can put our Dilly over 

*weird light in my eye is my makeup light I forgot to turn off
Come and hang out   
Note to self...

Wildly yelling “YOU’RE HERE!!!” at your courier on a Monday morning, tends to freak him out 

Sorry, my excitement at my new  pin got the better of me! 

Also, I’m not sorry, you know you’d do the same if you were me!

Ps thanks 
Welp, I’m not going out today!

The wait is almost over 

BRING ME MY  AWESOMENESS!! 

Thanks again   and 
Going live with some Mortal Kombat 11 on  

Fight me if you dare!  
Guess what came in the mail today!!!!  and  I love it  
  
Come play some world war z !   
This country has no product!!   
  What kind of setup are you guys using to play gm mode together? I'd like to start a game with a friend. Great show by the way, the GM mode series is my favorite thing on YouTube right now.
Things always work out in the end, be patient. #Patience
The world would be a happier, more peaceful place if we all tried to understand instead of judging.

It's difficult to wait, but worse to regret.
I was like a little kid at Christmas when this arrived I love it so much and just ordered the new pin too  
Although I had a bad day today, I found a awesome action figure of 
Hypothetically... If you wrote..” call me up” on yourself .... and they didn’t ...does it mean you’re not good enough?  Hypothetically speaking of course 
Whats up Scotty ? Need a masterpiece ? U got my number  
It’s like Stone Cold & David Copperfield had a daughter
Quit being complacent Apollo   
Why you’d consider anyone else is beyond me.... how’s the back feel? 
If it is really important to you, there is no doubt, you will find a way to make it
Awesome  
#wheresbreeze
It's the beginning of the end. 

See you in #Gotham on Thursday for the final episode
Watched this today and it made me think of      he said “the
Hahahhaha  
Cant wait to set these up! Gonna have a whole  section of figures!  
“Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.” 
― Robert Frost
Get some  man.   
Don't bring up the past of a person trying to improve their future. #Compassion
Don't
Holding a grudge is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die..
Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how. Lead the way with your example. #Kindness
This has been so funny, to weigh in I have an English degree and I am 100% on the side of  "Do the splits" is an idiom, and idioms don't follow the traditional structure of English.
Just give up man.    You’re wrong.  It’s ok  
Happy Easter to the  community!   
Is it "do the splits" or "do a split"? Tell us in the comments...  
If you watch the   or  on  make sure you jump in this for a chance to win some awesome merch from both!! Follow and sub for more entries! 
  

If you’re not watching you need to start!
Aaaaa good ol Days  
I have never understood the plight of  against  until my girlfriend took Triple H and John Cena from me while I made us popcorn.

She must be destroyed. #TeamRAW
Hey  
Remember you have until April 30th to get your entries into the  collaborative merch #giveaway with     

So many ways to enter. 

Double the merchy goodness. 

>>Enter below<<

 
Now commencing impatient wait for pin arrival... 

Thanks    and  

First pin is awesome, I’m sure this one will match if not top it’s awesomeness
 Just end it already! I'm waiting for the mercy rule! #upupdwndwn #gmmode
. goal is to get  to join the #RAW side before the Rumble. Let's just say  will be extremely upset if that happens... #BOTB #BattleOfTheBrands #UUDD

YES!!!!  
Guess who got her   badge.   


I'm raising money to help my mom rebuild life after house fire.. Click to Donate:    via 
Going live now on  with some  come hang out  
We won! Dope!  WHERE THE EFF IS TYLER BREEZE AND WHY IS HE NOT ON SMACKDOWN?!?  #WeWantBreeze
"If I don't see  by the end of the show, I'm going to lose my mind!!" 

 is not a in a good place after #RAW gutted his  roster.
. remains as relatable as always. 
If  doesn't see  on #SDLive tonight, he's going to LOSE HIS MIND! 

Keep it tight, Xavier. #UUDD
What happens when you get   and  on the same channel? You get TheSweetz! 

Join the community, and find out what sort of trouble you'll be getting into:  
What happens when you get   and perfec10n on the same channel? You get TheSweetz! 

Join the community, and find out what sort of trouble you'll...  
Look what came in the mail! Gotta love  (  &  This is awesome! Thanks guys! 
Check out TheSweetz on Mixer & Twitch; follow Zombie Sailor Toys @  for all your pin collecting goodness. #SubClub #PinClub
Tears of joy on the proudest day of my life.

Our mobile clinic in Syria is up & running!

WE CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE

 
I can't wait to listen to this! 
Nothing but respect for a true pro wrestling revolutionary and the greatest highflying wrestler of all time. 
Hero. 
Totally accurate
Take me back. My God I want to go back. Time away, the time of my life.
My point about the toxic culture of  fans is validated every Monday Night.
Don't believe me? Check my mentions - a wonderful mix of nasty insults, cynics with nothing to offer, & the odd fan who agrees that there is a problem (everyone else). Sucks to be right sometimes -SZ
Whoever said this must indeed be a wise philosopher and a poet. 
It's not Twitter, it's the fans.
They are sad, deeply damaged people who now have a platform like Twitter to voice their awful opinions. There are many reasons for why they act this way, I can't explain them all now. Join my cult. Warm regards. -SZ 
Inspiring. 
Spot on. 
It'd be SO easy to publicly rip the idiots that fill my mentions to shreds.

I'd get thousands of likes, retweets & affirmations like "yaaas drag him king!" for it too, because Twitter is mainly scum who live for public degradation of others.

I won't sink to your level.
xoxo -SZ
Tweet of the year. 
Man, that's nothing.
You should have seen me the 9 months I was away from  
Despite being one of the 11 men I decimated on the way to becoming fantasy hockey champion this year, Nick here is as excited as anyone for the new limited release "Sami Zayn Bienvenue à Montreal" T-shirt! 

Get them while you can at #RawMontreal &
Alright Montreal, come and get
Last
You've got to love the number of  fans agreeing that fans are terrible...but somehow forget to include themselves in that group. 
I hope you all find the courage to acknowledge your role in this toxic culture. Warm regards -SZ 
You're terrible. Xoxo -SZ 
Friends will be
New York
Equally uplifting and heartbreaking. 
Solidarity with the people of Palestine today on #LandDay. 

#FreePalestine
. forgot his sunglasses back home so I flew to Ireland to pick them

I know fans have been waiting for an update. I am happy to announce that I won my fantasy hockey league this year.
Despite having been to London many, many times, it's been a long while since I've had time to actually enjoy it. London rules when you have more than 2 or 3 hours to look around.

In...  
London
Tweedy with  
A great Sunday.
Grateful for this
World view is shaped by data you take in.
Hate intake becomes hate output.

I wish influential media figures & leaders would act responsibly, knowing the weight of their words. Sadly, I doubt it.

So we've got to
be mindful of what we feed our brains (or what is being fed to us). 
I can't find the words to express my sorrow about the terror attack in #Christchurch.
This didn't happen in a vacuum.
This is what happens when we spend years convincing people that Muslims in our communities are a threat.
Our minds are fragile. 
Words matter & have consequences.
I'm featured in the latest episode of  I talk about refusing to portray a "terrorist" character and getting the chance to be a positive Muslim hero I didn't have as a kid. 

The goal is simple: I want you to see no difference between you and I. 
I don't have a burning need to be right about everything.

BUT.

I've been right about everyone all along. 

#Smackdown
It saddens me to see this type of trash continue warping minds and spreading fear & hate in the hearts of millions of people on a nightly basis. 

This isn't a question of politics, it's a matter of calling out bigotry when you see it. 
I'm
Gotta read between the
One my all-time favorite matches with one of my best opponents ever. 
Man, it's really great to see Roman Reigns again.
Bernard. 
You deserve to be in the Hall of Fame irrespective of your run in DX. 
Half the guys on the roster, myself included, may never have had the chance to sign with  without you paving the way. 
Thank you for your contributions. Much love and respect.
Thanks for making me feel again.
 & 
#EliminationChamber
Hell of a performance by  
Much respect. #SDLive
If no one out there understands,
Start your own revolution and cut out the middle man.


I'd like to have a say on the income tax
Don't wanna help build bombs and that's the facts
No money for healthcare so what's the catch
The man got you locked with no keys to the latch
THIS IS GREAT! 
Why does a mega-corporation worth almost a trillion dollars, led by the richest man in the world, need our $3 billion in subsidies? That’s what I asked Amazon execs yesterday. This seems like vulture monopolistic capitalism at its
As always, a great read from  
Bernard. 
Happy birthday ⁦ hope it's better than the last. 
*Yes chant* 
Tonight, I team up once again with  for an evening of improv! I love fun! 
I can't believe this was only one year ago. Feels like another lifetime, eh 
I'm so glad that #TheMan has come around. 
Winter in Montreal is brutal, but in some ways truly beautiful. 
The scene pictured here - drivers digging their cars out of mountains of snow, parents  bundling up their children and...  
I've made a huge
Bobby and
Man, I LOVED Andrade vs. Mysterio.

The pacing, story, athleticism, execution - everything was on point. They created genuine excitement. I hope to tear it up with these both these guys at some point.

Much Respect  
#SDLive
I've watched this several times. 
Toots, you're a
Consumerism exploits people's inadequacy & convinces them products will make them accepted & worthy of love.

Many therefore fall into toxic patterns of overconsumption, which is bad for their health, but far worse for our planet.

Thank you  for trying to educate! 
I've written SO many reactionary tweets out of anger & disgust, only to delete before sending because I realize they do no good.
For as many 'likes' as they'd get, I'd just be contributing to the toxic swirl of shitTM that exists online.
Can't stop everyone, but you can stop you.
With talk of resolutions, this may be worth a listen.

Happy to share a lot that I can't express in 280 characters.

Social media as a tool
Forgiveness & understanding
Toxic patterns
Calling yourself out
Wrestling culture, ego & identity 
Why I don't eat meat

I laugh a lot too. 
TAKE A MINUTE OF YOUR DAY TO BE NICE TO SOMEONE YOU DUMB SON OF A BITCH
HELLO  WHOSE THE JABRONI ROCKETS OR WARRIORS?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE JERRY SEINFELD BUT FUCK THE JABRONI NEWMAN
WORK TO BE THE LEGEND. NOT THE JABRONI #MondayMotivation
JOHN SINGLETON I LOVE YOU FOREVER
JABRONI NBA REFS
MY HEART WITH THE POWAY
HELLO SUNSHINE
HI TWITTER! GO FUCK YOURSELF
THE REAL AVENGERS ENDGAME SPOILER WHEN I SUPLEX ALL THOSE JABRONIS IN MADISON SQUARE GARDEN BREAK THEIR FUCKING BACK MORE FAST THAN I SAY SHAZAM. AVENGERS FOREVER SAY 'JABRONIS ASSEMBLE' AFTER I MAKE THEM HUMBLE WITH MY CAME CLUTCH #EndGameIsHere
AL PACINNO IRON SHEIK
THE  IRON SHEIK
SOME ARE BORN GREAT, SOME ACHIEVE GREATNESS, AND SOME HAVE GREATNESS UPON THEM... BUT NONE OF THEM EVER BE THE IRON SHEIK CLASS- IRON SHEIKSPEARE
TO BE OR NOT TO BE A JABRONI THAT IS THE QUESTION
WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE OR THE CHEESECAKE OR WHATEVER THE FUCK YOUR NAME IS GO FUCK YOURSELF
ASK YOURSELF THIS QUESTION. WHO ACTUALLY GIVES A FUCK?  #mondaythoughts
WHEN IT’S ALL SAID AND DONE YOU ARE ALL A BUNCH OF JABRONIS
EXCELLENT #Motown60
THE  YOU DONY INVITE THE LEGEND TO THE   MAYBE THEY ARE THE REAL JABRONIS. MAYBE I COME SUPLEX THE WHOLE TEAM?
HEY COACHELLA GO FUCK YOURSELF
How dare you attempt to quote my feelings on what this match could’ve meant to me.

You never consulted with me in any capacity.

But I think you already know how I felt about
LISTEN CAREFULLY. GO FUCK YOURSELF #ThursdayThoughts
WHEN LIFE GIVE YOU LEMONS BREAK SOMEBODY FUCKING NECK SUPLEX THEM ON THEIR JABRONI HEAD #NationalHaikuDay
THE TIGER WOODS IRON SHEIK CLASS #TheMasters
MOUNT UP JABRONIS  #FridayFeeling
1 year ago today we lost the Godmother of Comedy. We honor her tonight with some outstanding lineups and anyone in attendance for the Main or Original Room shows will receive a special gift upon arrival. Tonight is for Mitzi. #thecomedystore #thankyoumitzi
IF YOU LIKE PINA COLLADA'S GO FUCK YOURSELF
RESPECT THE #CelebrationOfNipseyHussle
NOTHING. YOU ARE FUCKED. #WednesdayWisdom
RESPECT THE DIRK
RESPECT THE GOOD JR BROTHER OF MINE. HE ASK ME EXCELLENT QUESTION I SAY SHEIKIE BABY ALWAYS IN
FRIENDS-I don't ask for much,but today I'm going to ask. Jack Of All Trades ( ) is finally out! I urge you to check it out & help us get as many eyeballs on it as we can. This film is MANY years & MANY tears in the making. Hope you love it!  
We are planning a big week packed full of amazing wrestling in Toronto! Welcome back out British bae’s  and our friends at  along with the wild live shows of The Magen Boys!

Tickets available soon - sign up for info at  
 I think this picture  taken during The Roast Of  was the final push in getting you into The WWE Hall Of Fame CONGRATS but secretly I kind a wish you went in as The Disciple! #NeverForget
CRUSH THE EARTH AND SUPLEX IT #MondayMotivation
The need for “unearned attention” is a sickness.
SOMETIMES A FEW WORDS CAN SUM UP THE WISDOM OF A 1000. GO FUCK YOURSELF JABRONI
RESPECT THE HUMBLE  
STUDIES HAVE SHOWN THAT YOU CAN GO FUCK YOUR STUDIES #TuesdayThoughts
GOD BLESS YOU BROTHER. YOU ALWAYS BE HALL OF FAME CLASS. I LOVE YOU FOREVER 
THE NIPSEY HUSSLE THE REAL LEGEND. GOD BLESS YOU FOREVER
DREAM BIG. WORK HARD. AND SUPLEX ALL JABRONIS.
Officially licensed Steven Brody Stevens enamel pins now available at    Proceeds will go towards the Brody Stevens memorial bench that will be placed in Reseda Park, CA with the blessing of the Brody family #YouGotIt #BrodyStevens
My message to the People of Earth today! One thing: you have to walk, and create the way by your walking; you will not find a ready-made path. It is not so cheap, to reach to the ultimate realization of truth. You will have to create the path by walking yourself;
YOU CAN GO THROUGH LIFE WONDERING ABOUT IT IS ALL ABOUT BUT A LOT EASIER IS IF YOU JUST GO FUCK YOURSELF  #SundayThoughts
The secret to avoiding depression is to just not think about anything ever.
HEADING INTO THE WEEKEND LIKE
CALLING ALL JABRONIS. GO FUCK YOURSELF
RESPECT #InternationalWomensDay
CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF GO FUCK YOURSELF
DAYS LIKE THESE YOU CAN CALL SOMEONE A JABRONI #TuesdayMotivation
TALK IS CHEAP  #MondayMotivation
THE ROB GRONKOWSKI VS IRON SHEIK WE MAKE THE WORLD NEWS.
I BREAK THE BRACKET BUSTER BACK
This is my new way of picturing my dad in the afterlife wanting to take me for an adventure. 
COOKIE MONSTER I SUPLEX YOU
If you don't use your energy in a creative way, if it doesn't become a dance and a laughter and a delight, then the same energy will become harmful and poisonous. It will be destructive.
TAKE A DEEP BREATH AND GO FUCK YOURSELF #mondaythoughts
CRUSH THE EARTH #MondayMotivation
WRESTLEMANIA WEEKEND I READY TO BREAK THE EARTH’S BACK COME SEE THE LEGEND I LOVE YOU
MR. MYAGI OR MR. FUJI?
Thanks to our  followers we raised $1000 bucks and we matched it to total $2000 and donated it to South Lake Animal league. Here’s the video we made showing how much fun it

You know you want one of these! #wwe #raw #liarsclub #dixxonflannel @ Lexington Convention Center  
Going live with some Mortal Kombat 11 on  

Fight me if you dare!  
After playing mortal kombat all weekend i have to watch the
Always! When are we hanging again? 
All these NFL analysts still crack me up... Just bringing guys down and saying what they “can’t do”... When we all know they aren’t even athletic enough to play checkers. Congrats to everybody who got drafted tonight, keep making people proud and proving people wrong!
Had to order that  Mania plaque. So sick!!! Retiring a gold medalist with an epic
Going live on Mixer we have a feature spot at 7 and its subs giveaway night!!!  
The #NFLDraft2019 is here! I wanted to share with future #NFL Alum some of the key financial decisions that allowed me to live a financially secure life after football. 
Thursday night 7pm est i will be doing the sub only giveaways on Mixer.  Make sure you come hang. There will be horror trivia and some #mortalkombat11 for prizes.  
Just killing time in our new liarsclub lobo baseball T  before a show the other day. Make sure you pick up the new drops! #liarsclub #wwe #eod #roadlife #midwest #wrestling #streetwear   
#wheresbreeze
How do you tell people you got beat up by the Easter bunny?? 
Goodbye. #ThankYouGoldust #KeepSteppin
Trying to get to 30 on   come hang on 
 
Going live in 10 for some 
 
If you watch the   or  on  make sure you jump in this for a chance to win some awesome merch from both!! Follow and sub for more entries! 
  

If you’re not watching you need to start!
My dude! 
#Repost  with get_repost
・・・
The Lone Wolf  #baroncorbin #LoneWolf #constablecorbin #EndOfDays #WWE #WWEFanArt #MiniWrestlers #DigitalArt #procreate #fanart  
On the road again 

RAW
4/19 STL 
4/20 Springfield IL
4/21 Moline IL
4/22 Des Moines
 nails I did yesterday  #liarsclub
Going live now on  with some  come hang out  
What happens when you get   and  on the same channel? You get TheSweetz! 

Join the community, and find out what sort of trouble you'll be getting into:  
I have been playing spot the difference for an hour at the airport and now my eyeballs and brain are done for the
Glad you dig it buddy 
Just got my Liars Club merch in! The shirts, and designs are sick! If you haven’t already be sure to go pick yourself up some now!   #liarsclub #mixer #wwe #eod #nobodies #thesweetz
My day is made! Liars club shirts and  pin came today! 
the blood shirt is beautiful
Going live in 15-20 min for some   on   
Make sure and click the link and hit the follows and subs for extra chances to win!! 
Just dropping fools the other night.  One shot kill on to the dude on the quad!  Followed by a sweet second kill     
Ummm maybe just a water for you 
 “ I’m sorry you don’t qualify for any promotions this is the best we can do”

Me-“ok I’ll cancel and go to  “

 “ohh wait i do see a promotion you can get now”

Me “that’s weird it just popped up, hard pass”
12am haha
When your community gets ya real good with the
ITS HERE!!!!! Love the newest “Sweetz of Rage” pin from  for    
HOF Corbin drawing 

Xander is being extra well behaved in the truck bc Santa is behind
Dealing wit  is a nightmare.  The absolute worst!
Come hang for some monster hunter  
To all the cry babies out there who complained and thought I should be replaced, hahahahaha eat that! 

There are people who deserve things and people who just take them, I just take them!  #Wrestlemania35
TONIGHT  competes in his FAREWELL MATCH when he battles  at #WrestleMania!  
Who is excited for the #WWE #HallOfFame
#eod liarsclub   milanoexchange  rolex #rolex #gq @ Barclays Center  
Who is excited for the #WWE #HallOfFame
#eod liarsclub   milanoexchange  rolex #rolex #gq @ Barclays Center  
Who got the  of Rage pin!! Go grab yours.      
Pins are live!!!! Go go go go      
Huge co stream happening tonight on watchmixer all 3 Sweetz members       7pm EST!    
Tonight at 7pm est a fun co-stream with the boys of the  come hang!  
.   
#wrestlemania is creeping closer and closer. I can already feel the excitement.  liarsclub ignorant_gentleman #eod #raw #wwe #rolex #watchesofinstagram #skydweller   
If your not following us  on Mixer and Twitch and you’re into gaming you’re missing out.   

Enjoy your last week because after next Sunday it’s Murder she wrote, puzzles and Tapioca pudding.
something a bit different 

8:25am..haven’t slept and my back is killing me from carrying  on division. Jk. You da best, thanks
Check it out I’m going live for some   
Had to do a liars club drawing for 
This is from tues, my dog lives the good life! Only kobe beef for his
Tonight! Month End Celebration! Do Not Miss.  8pm on     let’s beat last months giveaway record of 450$$$$!!!!! Sweetz Rumbles and fun!  Art...  
All I need is a little workout, Deftones, Ghost, and Liars Club! Let's get back on track here since I fell off the wagon 3 days this week. Still my favorite workout shirt (and if you havent checked out  Liars Club, holler at me, I'll sing its
Time to check out that  new  beta LIVE from the show floor at #PAXEast with the devs! #MK11
  
“When do I stop being a criminal?” by  broke through 50,000 views to over 52,000! Help keep spreading the word:  
I wish you nothing but great progress in your battle. That being said I think you understand my context and I believe most who read my tweets do also. Context needed I speak of the unskilled who seek advancement professionally not through the acquisitionskills but feigning skill. 
If the term “Fake it til you make it” comes out of your mouth with pride. I can guarantee you’ll always exemplify the first part while always chasing the second.
The one I’ve been waiting for.....the inevitable   Retro
I want to make a Twitter bot that just reinforces all your bad decisions you decide to ask Twitter about. i.e. Q: Should I Tattoo his name over my eyebrow? Bot: First, Last, and middle in comic sans gurl!”
Pfft you’re telling me Hobbs and Shaw Movie Twitter. Finally someone in my  with problems I can relate too.. 
PROUD to announce that we have officially crossed the 15K donation mark! The running total is currently at 15,011 POP! toys donated. Thanks to EVERYONE who helped the cause reach this incredible milestone. We're now only 5K away from reaching the goal of #20Kby2020.
WWE Champions 2019 is celebrating their biggest update ever with a special featuring me, The Champion of the United States of America. Get it at    
The mastery of my ego mainly consist of me writing scathing critiques of people and situations in the submission box of my social media, then erasing it because lets be honest anyone I would respect doesn’t have time for all that anyway.
“Someday” is the nice sounding way we kill off our ambitions and goals.
I’m ending my Wrestlemania week staring at Dan Ryckert... Where did my life go
True Story 
Currently sitting near a fan making outrageous claims about the future of WWE television because I’m pretty sure he is just hanging around creepily listening into our private dinner conversations. In really hoping my rumors make print!
This work is to Create. Although Chewbacca and R2D2 don’t speak English, everyone loves them. 
ANYBODY can get
NEXT YEAR, #WrestleMania comes to Tampa
And just like that... proves there is no one as dangerous as him right now!
Remember that time you went to battle in your first #Wrestlemania and set a title defense speed record? Nah YOU probably don’t.... #andSTILL
I’ll run you and your crew. #andSTILL The Champion of The United States of America  #WRESTLEMANIA
EXCLUSIVE:  says  won't be able to leave the ring under his own power after their #USTitle Match tonight at
Thank you, 
Thank you, Jim #TheAnvil.
THANK YOU, HART FOUNDATION!
The need for “unearned attention” is a sickness.
I’ve drawn  a lot, haven’t I? Hopefully that’s okay, I’m probably not stopping!
#wwe #prowrestling
Shout Out To My Big Cuzo For Life  for stoping my show thelordsearspecial #thelordsearspecial #stakz good luck on  @ Siriusxm Shade45  
Samoa Joe is definitely the career leader in epic #WaleMania entrances lol 
I mean... I feel good ..
When  pulled up to
Did I mention... I feel good.
I feel like more Twitter users need to read this before they slide into your DMs. 
You can tell a lot about someone’s character based on what kinda fouls they call in a pickup game
On today's edition of #portraitmania : the man who seeks to put  to sleep -  #WrestleMania #samoajoe
LAPD chief Michel Moore: "I saw the name Nipsey Hussle, and I looked at that again, and I looked at it again, and it was like I could not believe it... This is a voice that was trying to
I feel good.
This Thursday the good news will be heard!  #UUDDChampionship. The POWER GAME shall not be denied the #UUDDTitle. Tune in at 9 pm ET. Presented by  #ad 
Nipsey  can’t build a brighter tomorrow when we keep putting out the brightest lights.
Seems like that borderlands 3 trailer needs a day one patch.
Game Dev stage shows are now my new guilty pleasure for all the wrong reasons.
It’s off the rails! ... He delved into a darkness too deep!
He is doing a magic trick... this is a art house villainy. Bravo sir.
C’mon gearbox start the conference with a Borderlands Mobile announcement. Just so I can drink in the sorrow.. 
Tonight  Best Friends vs LAX from TNA both teams are gonna pretend they can’t lose because of their contracts what’s gonna happen!? Tune in and find out 
Fuckin’ so stoked to finally completely sell out and tweet like the dorks in nxt #WCW
Jonah Bolden is my nephew
Here was my weird
Damn
No 1 no 5
Fuck I hate it already
JJ Redick
Joe Harris 
Gordon Hayward 
Chandler Parsons 
Kevin Love
Ok here we go
I have no point guard though
I think I got it
I’ve spent the last 2 hours making my best American White Boy NBA Team. It’s very hard

Red Dead style hits out on Lowry, Siakam, and obviously Kawhi. Double money on Drake
I’m at the gym and I smell like wet trash
Best ever check it  
I’m this many
Happy Earth Day  Please take care of our home.


Hordon Gayward

Poor bastard
Yes. 
Ben Simmons is my second cousin
Committing murder live on the internet tonight don’t miss it 
Landry Shamet is my third son and I’m so sad the Sixers traded him
The only thing about me that’s changed since I started making more money is that I buy better bourbon and better Sixers tickets. Other than that I’m still the same piece of shit as before
Uncle Dave looks on as  kills  with a chop. #PWG200

Best Friends vs Aussie Open
 
#UnchartedTerritory this Wednesday!

-  v. 
-  v. 
-  v. 
-  v. 
-  v. 

SEASON TICKETS:  

$10 4/17 TICKETS:
Bash At The Beach 2000 

Mike Awesome/Scott Steiner 

Fuckin’ dope match.
Shazam. Dope movie.
#FyterFest  
Hahahaha our old backyard wrestling symbol is on wrestlemania
 In a sea of great shows and great wrestling this week...you’re remarkably bad. Congrats.
Best friends.    #JoeyRyanPP
  
seriously I don’t know please help
 #AEW MerchOfficial AEW #BestFriends T-shirt is available now from 
  


Pleased to announce I have bought the rights to the name “Stokely Hathaway”

AND I’M A VERY PROUD FATHER

MATCH ANNOUNCEMENT:
REVOLT! (Caleb Konley - Official & Zane Riley) vs Best Friends

PWX Wrestling Heroes/Villains
April 20, 2019
Gastonia National Guard Armory, Gastonia, NC
7:00pm ET / 6:00 CT
Tickets:  
When I started wrestling in 2001 all I truly wanted out of the business, at the end of the day, was to get really rich from it. You can help me with that dream. Bless you all in Satan’s
Dustin “Thunder” Liger
NOT AT ALL
  
Bring your friends to Starrcast, especially your Best Friends!

Starrcast II is proud to welcome  &   to Las Vegas this Memorial Day Weekend!

Buy your bracelets at   
    
They're #BestFriends and they're now #AllElite
 and
You can put queso dip on any chip don’t let society hold you back we only got one life to live and it is meaningless go nuts have fun
This happened the other night it was
WHY YES IT WAS ME ON DL276 OPENLY SOBBING WHILE WATCHING MAJOR LEAGUE THANK YOU
PADDINGTON 2 ON A PLANE YOU’VE NEVER SEEN A MAN WEEP SO HARD
 

All is well please
 

All is well please
 

All is well please
Everything is


My  face scan really saw through to the inner
Every person who collects those funko toys either already has or will at some point commit murder
NAMING MY FIRST BORN MOUNTAIN DEW BAJA BLAST NO MATTER WHAT THAT CREATURE IS
Thank you! 
Episode 1 of the Jimmy Jacobs Doesn’t Know podcast is up featuring Bryan Danielson. Check it out on iTunes, Spotify or by going to 
Amazing. 
Wrestling talents, we have several spots open for our May 17 Seminar with  and  in South Gate. Opportunities are open for both LUMINOUS and PRIDE & JOY for standouts. Register today:  
I love it. 
Tonight! 
You also have the distinction of cracking my Top 8 on MySpace for forever. 
Next week it will be 20 years since my first professional wrestling match. In celebration of that, and of life, I'm launching a new podcast. I'm excited and scared about it! Listen to the trailer now! #JJDK 
Tonight, I make my return to Winnipeg! Can’t wait! 
 entrance at 
Let's all celebrate life!

Subscribe on your favorite podcast apps today!
(Let me know if it's not available on your preferred platform. I'll do my best to get it there!)


#JJDK 
There are few things as enjoyable in this world as conversations with  I’m looking forward to his newest creative venture starting next week! 
Next week it will be 20 years since my first professional wrestling match. In celebration of that, and of life, I'm launching a new podcast. I'm excited and scared about it! Listen to the trailer now! #JJDK 
Letting go. 
Brilliant. 
A wise man once said, “Water is the essence of life. Food is life. Sauce is what makes life worth living.”
I just watched Michael Elgin and Psychosis tear it up. No cameras. Only the 50 people here in Moosomin, SK on Easter Sunday will have this beautiful memory.
With opportunities for standouts to perform at both LUMINOUS May 17 in LA and PRIDE & JOY June 30 in Chicago, this is not the Seminar to miss! All wrestlers and wrestling roles are welcome for this seminar with  and  Register:  
7 days down. 7 days to go on this  tour for me. Tonight I team with the Lucha Libre legend Psychosis in Estevan, SK! 
Willie Mack. 
Autograph Signin’ Son Of A Gun!
Just A Wednesday Walk Down That Aisle! Happy WOOOOO
I’m Coming To Toronto This Saturday! Get Your Tickets To Meet Me At   
What A Feeling! Gets Me Every Time!
Add Some Bling To Your Summer Wardrobe With The Ric Flair Bling Shirt From   !
You Can Be Anything You Want To Be! You Just Have To Put In The Work And Have The Right Mindset! WOOOOO! #mondaymotivation
And That’s A Wrap Liverpool! WOOOOO!     
My Wonderous Wendy Rockin’ It Out In Liverpool!
The Perfect Tank Top To Style And Profile All Summer Long! Only Available At   !
I Have The Greatest Fans! Love This Art By Marcus!!!
Getting Ready For The Show In Liverpool!
The Eyes Are Windows To The Soul!
Finish The Week Out Strong Like A Champ! Happy Flair Friday!
Heading Over The Pond! See Everyone In Liverpool Soon!
Rockin’ It Out With Chuck Berry In 1986 At The Lone Star Cafe NYC! 
WOOOOO! #throwbackthursday 
The Greatest Wrestler Alive Shirt Is A New Arrival To   ! Go Check It Out, And Get Ready To Style And Profile All Summer Long!
Choose Happiness!
I’m The King Of Drip, And This Is My Throne!
Happy Birthday Paris!  I Hope You Enjoy Your New Ride!
Get On The Same Level Of Swag With This Great Shirt From   !
Let Me Give You A Little Motivation For Your Monday...
I Hope Everyone Had A Very Blessed Easter
Look Out Detroit Because The Nature Boy And  Are In Town!
It’s The Easter Weekend Sale At   !!! Use Code: PEACE 
For 25% Off Your Order! The Code Will Be Good For Saturday And Sunday Only!
Ashley Is The Queen And On Top Of The World, Morgan And Megan Are Very Happy, And Wendy And Her Children Make My Life A Better Place Every Day! We Love And Miss You! 
Remembering My Son, Reid, On Good Friday, 6 Years After His Passing. Not A Day Goes By That You Are Not In Our Thoughts And Prayers. We All Know You Are In A Better

Can Everyone Just Keep Remembering This!!! WOOOOO! #ThrowbackThursday 
The Founder Of Swag!!! Get Your Shirt Today At   !
Tonight in Philadelphia, the legend  will sit down with Wrestling aficionado  for an epic conversation. #ThuzioPHL #NatureBoy
At The Airport Heading To A  Event In Philadelphia!
On This WOOOOO Wednesday, Bow Down To GREATNESS! It Is A FAMILY TRADITION!!! 
What’s That Saying “DARE TO DREAM”!!! WOOOOO! 
Don’t Take Anything For Granted!
Summer Will Be Here Before You Know It! Make Sure You Are Prepared With These    Essentials!
Waking Up On A Monday Like... WOOOOO!
Congrats To The Greatest Golfer That Ever Lived  On His 15th Major Title! The PGA Is Stylin’ And Profilin’ Now! Much Respect To THE MAN! WOOOOO!
There Are No Limits To What You Can Accomplish!
Dress For Success!
Would Your Flair Friday Be Complete Without Some Nature Boy Action? WOOOOO!
Another Epic Shirt Has Made Its Way To   ! Show Your Friends What True Friendship Is All About With This Shirt!
Getting Knocked Down Only Makes You Stronger!!!
Throwback Thursday! WOOOOO!
I Always Give Them Something To Talk About! WOOOOO!
It's Hammer Time!!!! WOOOOO! 
Check Out This Awesome Shirt Available Only On  
I Will Always Have Your Back! WOOOOO! 
Can't Wait To Reconnect With My Good Friends At MAB Celebrity Services In Toronto At The International Center On Saturday, May 4th Where I Will Be Signing! WOOOOO! 
King Of Drip? You Better Believe It! WOOOOO! Get Your Shirt Today And Learn What It Truly Means To Style And Profile Like A Drip Legend! Only At  
That’s Right, I’ll Be There, And So Should You. WOOOOO!  Visit    For All The Details And I’ll See You On The Ship! #jerichocruise 
Hey There Everybody, The Nature Boy Ric Flair Here! Big Announcement. I Am Looking Forward To Seeing Each And Every One Of You Aboard Chris Jericho’s Rock N Wrestling Rager At Sea, Sailing From Miami To The Bahamas, January 20-24,
Today, History Will Be Made And The Queen Will Take Her Rightful Place With  And  As The First Women To Ever Main Event WrestleMania!
It's Official, Charlotte Is No Longer Ric Flair's Daughter. I Am Charlotte Flair's Dad! All The Accolades That Have Come My Way Over Time Are Diminished By Her Accomplishments Now!  I Am So Proud Of You Charlotte. 
On Our Way To The Hall Of Fame! WOOOOO! 
Look Who Is In NYC....
The Governor! 
Pre-WrestleMania Feast With  !!! Video Coming Tomorrow On His Page! Keep Your Eyes Out For It! WOOOOO! #wrestlemania
Happy Birthday To The Queen! 
Catching Up With Friends! The Real Legends! WOOOOO!   
Just Arrived At Wrestlecon With My Beautiful Wife!
American Cut In Tribeca Last Night With The Staff That Makes Everything Possible During WrestleMania Time!
In NYC, Ready For All The Festivities And Fun! WOOOOO!
Such a sweet pic!! My son will appreciate this when he grows up!
Enough with this holiday ! I'm ready to get back to work  #RAWChicago #JaxJungle #NotLikeMostGirls
Last chance! 
 
Stand your ground. @ Rupp Arena  
Lastly, I AM NOT READY!!!!! #BattleOfWinterfell #GameofThrones
Also, an NBA post season without  just ain’t the same.
Did you know: there was once a time when every person on Earth didn’t have a camera on them every second of every day. #funfact
The last month has filled me with moments that’ll last a lifetime. And those moments lend themselves to feelings of gratitude that I’ll never be able to fully express to all of those who’ve helped me along this journey. #inspiresomething 
What a life 
The  homies put out a new record last week. I little mash up of new tracks, covers and remixes. Getcha a
Next week it will be 20 years since my first professional wrestling match. In celebration of that, and of life, I'm launching a new podcast. I'm excited and scared about it! Listen to the trailer now! #JJDK 
“I just think what’s really resounded with audiences over the years is my ability to be authentic.” “I think people have always seen that about me. It doesn’t feel put on, because it isn’t.”  on his connection to the 
Meeting kids like Saud and hearing their stories is the greatest part of this gig. Keep on inspiring! Keep on fighting! Wishes need you.    
Check out our new  series on UUDD! We will be in the lab theorizing with    and  #GoT
I’ve been ready for this for 15 years. 
He is Iowa's Own  Get the new tee today at #WWEShop! #WWE #SethRollins
 
#shieldforever 
#shieldforever #ShieldsFinalChapter 
Sierra. Hotel. India. Echo. Lima. Delta. Tomorrow night at 9:30pm EST on the  witness the #ShieldsLastChapter
What a view. #shieldforever 
Two more nights left. You’re up #WWESpringfield 
Quad Cities own   Champion, looks forward to big Sunday in Moline 
I’m pretty stoked about this weekend. Taking the black one more time with my boys...and in my own backyard. We’ve had a lot of “lasts” lately, I know, but I promise this really is the end for a while. 

#WWEStLouis
#WWESpringfield
#WWEMoline
#ShieldsFinalChapter 
THIS SUNDAY,   &  will team together ONE LAST TIME, and it will stream LIVE on  at 9:30 PM ET/6:30 PT!
Bring the action of #WWE into your home with new  wall decals! Each life-size Superstar decal also includes 4 other large graphics. Featuring:     &  Get yours today at #WWEShop!
 
Yeow!!! Been waiting for this moment since wrestlecon.. can’t wait to add these bad boys to my ever growing  collection. I think I’m going to to a wardrobe just for my merch   
Sierra.
Hotel.
India.
Echo.
Lima.
Delta.

One last time, one final chapter, THIS SUNDAY on  #ShieldsFinalChapter   
If the road blocks and set backs in my life can give an individual or family struggling with this or any other disease a little bit of hope...then every struggle was worth it. Thank you  for the time and for the thoughtful article. 
Burn it down like the #WWE #UniversalChampion     
In my hometown too. See ya there Quad Cities!  
Quick stop in Davenport at   to check out the new spot. Everyone is so nice in here. What a pleasant start to the day. Three thumbs up. 
Nobody cares that you don’t watch Game of Thrones.
Champ in the house. 
Just me and my good friend  flipping a coin. Nothing to see here. 
_____

  @ The Hollywood Palladium  
I am so proud of my buddy... all my love to Susan Rodrigues... My rock star who finished cemo today. She is the best!!! #BeatCancer, #FECProud, #FightSusanFight
Mission accomplished.  is now The #Beastslayer! Get his new authentic t-shirt at #WWEShop today. #WWE #SethRollins
 
.  meets  in the most legendary coin toss yet  
Thank you, WWE
Thanks for having me! Here’s to 20 more amazing years! 
New Universal Champion of the WWE Seth Rollins talks about the importance of recovery, and how WHOOP helps him optimize his training.  &  join  on the latest episode of our podcast. Show notes and full episode here: 
Love and gratitude to my brothers. #shieldforever 
The full NJPW experience storms Australia! Melbourne June 29th and Sydney on June 30th.
Who will fight alongside   vs members of the BULLET CLUB  

Tickets available:
Melbourne:   
 Sydney: 
Two nights of #njdontaku start tomorrow at the Fukuoka International Center. 

The NEVER Openweight Championship is at stake when  faces Taichi. Can Cobb silence the 'virtuous' loudmouth? Or will Taichi make BBQ pork of Jeff 'Hog'?

 
It's Thursday, May 2 in Japan! #onthisday in 2002, a dream match thought to be impossible as the legendary Masahiro Chono went face to face with the late, great Mitsuharu Misawa.
Relive the match on NJPW World! 
 
Episode 1 of the official NJPW English podcast met with an overwhelmingly positive response! Thanks for your feedback. There won't be an episode this week as we gear up for Dontaku this Friday and Saturday, but it will return! Check out ep1 if you haven't!  
Reiwa is officially underway, and its kicking off with a spectacular May on  ! We have an incredible 15 more events coming up this month alone from Dontaku into Best of the Super Juniors! 
Check out the lineup, and wherever you are, be there this May!
#njdontaku
A spectacular night of action has kicked off Reiwa for NJPW in grand style! One day off before #njdontaku reaches its climax; more than enough time for you to catch tonight's replay on   
In under an hour, the Road to #njdontaku makes one last stop before a huge weekend!
The first event of the Reiwa era sees two huge elimination tag matches in Beppu!
Catch all the action live and in English on NJPW
If you're new to  you're in for something special. Not just for our slate of live programming, but also thousands of hours of archival content. Need a place to start? Check out    weekly history feature! 
We welcome new fans signing up to  for our huge month of May! #njdontaku will start things off in a big way before EVERY event of #njbosj live and in English! 16 live events this month alone, all for
Backstage comments from last night are now available on the NJPW official English YouTube channel:

  

Check them out!

#njpw
Road to Wrestling Dontaku night 13 – Results and report

Check out our report for the final event of the Heisei era:

  
#njpw
First IWGP Champions of Heisei:
Heavyweight: Tatsumi Fujinami
Junior Heavyweight: Shiro Koshinaka
In Reiwa, Kazuchika Okada and Dragon Lee. But what will happen to those championships this weekend at #njdontaku ? 
Share your picks!
#令和
Tonight, Beppu will see the first #njpw event of the #Reiwa era. Before Reiwa, Heisei started in January 1989. The first IWGP title match of Heisei saw Tatsumi Fujinami defend against Crusher Bam Bam Bigelow.  
Tonight, it's the first event of the Reiwa era!
The Road to #njdontaku makes its final stop in Beppu!
Two huge ten man elimination tags headline!
Wherever you are, be there, live and in English, with  !
#令和
It's Wednesday, May 1 in Japan!
#onthisday in 1994, Antonio Inoki and the Great Muta faced off in the Fukuoka Dome in that year's #njdontaku. Inoki's Final Countdown saw a huge ideological battle. 
Relive the match with  !
 
Japan will soon awake in the new era of Reiwa.
For the greatest wrestling tradition of the last 30 years, another new era.

G1 Climax will see its first matches on international soil, as #NJPW is #DestinedforDallas July 6. Be part of history!

Tickets:  
Muto & Hashimoto to Ibushi & Okada. 
Team 2000 to Bullet Club. 
VHS tapes to NJPW World. 
Three G1 days in Tokyo to a global tournament starting in Dallas. 
To wrestlers, staff, officials, and most of all, fans. For all of Heisei, thank you. See you in Reiwa! 
#平成最後の日
Thank you to the 3140 who sold out Kagoshima's Sun Arena Sendai tonight. We're dancing into Reiwa! #njdontaku
The well fed feet of the first Australian born major league announcer in history will join Kevin Kelly on the English broadcast of #njdontaku in just a few minutes! 
In less than one hour, the road to #njdontaku runs through Kagoshima! Could Kota Ibushi's home town crowd finally see him to success with CHAOS opposite LIJ in our main event? Wherever you are, be there with  !
Kazuchika Okada is #DestinedforDallas ! 
Check out his video message as he gets set for the first G1 Climax matches in the US. 
Tickets available NOW:   
#g129
'Have fun going home to your family after you've let them down one more time' Jay White with strong words for Hirooki Goto in victory after #njhinokuni. Check out the post match comments here!
 
’You don't have to be strong in this game, you just have to be f'n smart'  full of confidence after defending the IWGP Tag Championships. Check out the post match comments from #njhinokuni !
 
’I want to fight him, he wants to fight me. That's all there is to it. We just need a time and a place'. Naito and Ibushi are heating up! Check out the post #njhinokuni comments!
 
Juice: 'I want this (US) title to be neck and neck with the Intercontinental. The only way that can happen is if I have bigger and bigger challengers'. Check out backstage comments from #njhinokuni !  
Kagoshima fans can still see tonight's event in person, with event day tickets on sale at 4PM! All the action will also be available with English commentary on  ! #njdontaku #njpw 
Hit me up and get yours today!    
Last night, Jay White and Hirooki Goto clashed in a battle of pride, while GoD tried to take back the IWGP Tag Team Championships they rightfully owned from Toru Yano and Togi Makabe. Check out the full report from #njhinokuni !
 
With today being the last of the Heisei era, we're curious:
Heisei began on January 8, 1989. 
Give yourself: One hand up if you were alive back then. 
Two hands up if you were a wrestling fan. 
Five hands up (and tell your story) if you were watching #NJPW!
Today is a historic day in Japan, the last of the Heisei era. Heisei began on January 8 1989, ending the Showa era before.
The last NJPW event of Showa started with a young lion by the name of Minoru Suzuki facing Akira Nogami. Who would have thought...
#平成 #昭和 #令和
Tonight! It's the last event of the Heisei era in Japan! 
#njdontaku comes from Sendai.
The LIJ team of EVIL, BUSHI, Takagi, SANADA and Naito collide once more with SHO, YOH, Okada, Ibushi, and Ishii in our explosive main event!
Wherever you are, be there with 
It's Tuesday, April 30 in Japan!
#onthisday in 1991, it was the final of the #njbosj precursor, Top of the Super Juniors. Jyushin Thunder Liger faced Norio Honaga, not just for the tournament, but to claim the vacant IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship.
 
IWGP Champions 
We get it, it doesn't feel like it. But summer is right around the corner!
Wimbledon? We have the toughest competition in the world.
Glastonbury? These guys are more rock 'n' roll.
#njroyalquest is coming...
See:   
Gigantic: 
What a night in Kumamoto!

We won't spoil anybody starting their day or getting to work today, but make sure you catch the replay of #njhinokuni as soon as you can on  !
Catch you tomorrow in Sendai for the last event of the #heisei
Gino and Kevin Kelly will be on the call for #njhinokuni, starting in just a minute! #njpw 
Wherever you are in the world, you can catch all the action of New Japan! Check out where to watch us this week with our great international broadcast partners!
  
GoD are the franchise team of the IWGP tag division, with 5 dominant reigns.
Yano & Makabe haven't been in a tag title match together for more than a decade. But possession is 9/10 of the law, and Yano has the gold... 
Post your picks and tune into  live!
Hirooki Goto is a man with everything to gain, and the will to come to the fore after a difficult start to the year.
Jay White's a bitter former champion who thinks Goto's trying to 'make himself famous' off his name. 
Give us your picks and tune into  to see the
Out at Traders Village in Grand Prairie TX at   promoting    G1 Climax Tournament in Dallas TX on July 6th at the 
Kazuchika Okada is #DestinedforDallas ! 
Check out his video message as he gets set for the first G1 Climax matches in the US. 
Tickets available NOW:   
#g129
On Saturday, Jay White and Hirooki Goto met for the last time before their #njhinokuni singles match. What happened? Check out the live event report!
#njpw  
Tomorrow is #njhinokuni day! 
Fans in Kumamoto can still get event day tickets from 12 noon. 
All the action will be live with English commentary on  !
Preview:  
UK FANS: Time is running out to be a part of #njroyalquest on 31st August! Only limited tickets remain. You need to be there for this one! 
See Tickets:   
Gigantic: 
The Fukuoka International Center is completely SOLD OUT on Saturday May 4 for night two of #njdontaku ! There will be no event day tickets but  will give you the best seats in the house and English commentary for SANADA vs Okada and EVIL vs
After the dust settles from #njdontaku, it'll soon be time for #njbosj !
Check out the lowdown on every entrant in this years tournament- the biggest lineup of all time!
 
LIJ once again stand tall, and Yano is still in possession of the IWGP Tag Championships! The road to #njdontaku passed through Yamaguchi last night!
Report:  
TICKETS ON SALE FOR MELBOURNE AND SYDNEY!

Join Bad Luck Fale, Will Ospreay, Kazuchika Okada, Jay White and many more for Southern Showdown June 29/30!

Melbourne:   
Sydney:   
#njaus
Tomorrow in Kumamoto, it's #njhinokuni !
IWGP Tag Team Championships on the line between GoD and Yano/Makabe!
Hirooki Goto has everything to gain as he takes on the arrogant Switchblade Jay White!
All the action live and in English on 
Five time IWGP Heavyweight Champion.

Two time G1 Climax winner.

Two time New Japan Cup winner.

He breaks records as easily as breaking ratings scales.

An all time legacy created at 31 years of age.

Okada is #DestinedforDallas !

Are you?   
#g129
Maybe you aren't as lucky as to have Golden Week off work or school like most in Japan, but you can still celebrate by treating yourself to the latest from Tokon Shop!
EVIL, SANADA, LIJ and Ibushi's latest were our top sellers this week!
 
Thanks to our fans in Yamaguchi for a full house live event tonight. Next up is #njhinokuni this Monday! 
Coming up on Monday, #njhinokuni starts a stacked Golden Week of action! 
Hirooki Goto versus Jay White, and a war between GoD and Yano and Makabe are your featured matches!
Check out our preview here:  
May is going to be huge on  ! 
16 live events, all with English commentary as we kick off with #njdontaku and roll right into Best of the Super Juniors!
Sign up now for just 999Yen per month!
#njbosj
Southern Showdown tickets are selling fast!

You can still get your tickets by following the links below:

Melbourne:   
Sydney:  

If you've already booked your spot, put your hands up! 
#njpw
Have you listened to the official NJPW English podcast yet?
The response to episode 1 has been great!
  
(Podcast app support/Spotify etc coming soon)
Musicians, don't forget you can leave submissions for an official
Post-match comments from last night's Road to Dontaku: Aki no Kuni SENGOKU EMAKI are now available on YouTube!

Check them out at the link below:

  
#njpw
Road to Wrestling Dontaku 2019 – Aki no Kuni SENGOKU EMAKI – Results and Report

  
#njpw
Who's showing up to Southern Showdown?

Tickets are going fast for our events June 29 and 30 in Melbourne and Sydney! 

Move fast!
Melbourne:   

Sydney:  
#njaus
   
Episode one of the official NJPW English Podcast is here! Give a listen as Michael Craven and  discuss #njbosj , Jyushin Thunder Liger's anniversary and more! (Note: podcast app feeds are forthcoming)
We also want intro jingles! Get
THIS FRIDAY -  takes on 
A Fenix never die. 
Thanks for all your messages amigos, partners all you guys.  Everything it’s good #Animo
Thank you  TORONTO 
Last night was incredible 
#Animo #MexaKing #0Miedo #LuchaLibre #ProWrestling
Tremenda Batalla #LAX Nuevos Campeones Mundiales en Pareja 






. y    y  en 
 EN DIRECTO #ConquistaTotalAAA por  canal 7.2 #TvAbierta 
Also tonight LIVE on PPV a STACKED  PPV with what promises to be another  war between The Lucha Brothers  &  and LAX  And   will have English and Spanish results later
Rebellion is TONIGHT at 8pm ET on PPV and  

 vs. 

LAX ( and  vs. The Lucha Bros ( and  in FULL METAL MAYHEM 

 vs. 
 vs. 
Tonight #LuchaBrothers VS #LAX 
Toronto Canada  are you ready? 
 
#Animo #MexaKing #LuchaBrothers #LuchaLibre #ProWrestling
. and  don't seem entirely on the same page with  #IMPACT
 -   
Lucha Bros   
Dream Team of Champions!
   #IMPACT
  
. and  are here for our HUGE six man tag team main event! #IMPACT
 -   
 tag team champs  Lucha bros are here!!  
 
. never ceases to blow our minds.
  #IMPACT
  
THIS MATCH RULES!!

 TAKES OUT EVERYBODY! #IMPACT #IMPACTonTwitch
  
    after a great main event at  Wrestlefest
    thanks for coming back to Connecticut 
Amazing Athleticism by  #IMPACT 
Disfrutando de la vida
Adelaide Australia ... vas a conocer el mundo 
You can’t afford to miss the intimidating luchadores in the ring. Catch  vs  tonight only on DSPORT at 7
 Los Mochis 
 3 de Mayo |  CUM a las  8PM.
#ConquistaTotalAAA
 Corre a comprar tus boletos porque se acaban.
 
Los campeonatos son para exponerse
Martes el inframundo en Piedras Negras
¡Prepárate para la última temporada de #GoT !

#LuchaLibreAAA trae como representante a el #HijoDelVikingo como #JonSnow #KingOfTheNorth
 como #NightKing

¿Cuál es tu casa favorita para el trono?
En el templo la violencia se respeta
Ya estamos  EN VIVO con #SinMáscara, programa dedicado a el campeón latinoamericano  sólo por #Twitch 
 
Considerados como 2 grandes luchadores internacionales dentro y fuera de  formando una de las mejores parejas en el ámbito luchistico.Ahora cada uno ha tomado su propio camino,yo forzado por las circunstancias a llegado el momento de ir en busca de mis propios
El Madison Square Garden es la meta de  en su gira de CONQUISTA TOTAL

Nos vemos el 15 de septiembre para celebrar a la lucha libre y a México
A dos años de su partida, recordamos al hombre que marcó la #LuchaLibreAAA con profesionalismo, entrega y honor.
La persona que nunca dejó de luchar por el deporte mexicano.

Gracias, Lic. Joaquín Roldán, Dios le conceda descanso
Próximo 15 de septiembre un gran evento de AAA EN NUEVA YORK...  y yo estaré allí ...
IMPACT vs.  -   and  vs.    and  

United We Stand TONIGHT at 11pm ET on  

Order on  
Uno buena lucha seria esa del capítulo 3 temporada 1 de lucha underground... por qué no ... siempre con gusto encontrar a los
UNITED WE STAND ON APRIL 4TH - It's IMPACT vs.  Round 2! 

   and  face    and  

TICKETS:   

Peluche en el estuche
#LuchaAztecaAAA 

¡Todos los viernes, sigue las emociones de la  por  en punto de las 4:30! Drago, el dios del inframundo, te
GALLI brings you some of Lucha Undergrounds top Stars.
Tickets available by calling 331-444-2554 with Paypal, Zelle, in person or the link below

In case you missed it  

 debuts on 2nd June at Notorious IX in St Neots - tickets on sale now
El dueño del inframundo
El drago está
A unos minutos de que inicien los #Oscars
Hacemos un pequeño homenaje a nuestro estilo.  #Roma y #LuchalibreAAA 
Éxito a todos, orgullo mexicano.
¡Vamos México! 
¿Quiénes son tus favoritos de esta noche? 
Tierras
OFFICIAL FOR UNITED WE STAND - Team IMPACT (   and  will face Team  (   and Cuerno) on April 4th in New Jersey! 

TICKETS:  
Una ves más
Coming to Expo Lucha where all tickets include autograph & photo opportunities -  will be there and will be in live
El fuego del dueño del
Con el brillo del son ... puro

Listos en Mazatlan
¿Qué tal pinta su puente? 
Disfrútalo de la mejor manera  corre a nuestro canal de  y revive cada una de nuestras luchas. 
  
Estamos listos para CONQUISTAR nuevos horizontes

Nos vemos en  la nueva casa de la mejor lucha libre del mundo:
Comparte los mejores momentos de #LuchaLibreAAA con 
Hoy toca Tijuana ... Amonos
Gira 2019 AAA .. Morelia
¿Te perdiste de nuestra transmisión EN VIVO ?
¡No te preocupes, corre a nuestro canal de TWITCH para verlo! 
 La Gira de la #ConquistaTotalAAA 
 Suscríbete a nuestro canal  
Que nadie detenga tu vuelo
Todo listo para Ciudad Madero
Próximo sábado a exponer el
So it begins.... Month end Celebration!     $$$$$
We are hours away from drawing our  Collaborative giveaway with  

Get your entires into the #Giveaway right NOW.

Winner walks away with double the merch.

 
#mixerstreamer
#RAW
Wore my  shirt to the movies tonight and got a ton of compliments and questions. Love every moment I can put our Dilly over 

*weird light in my eye is my makeup light I forgot to turn off
Come and hang out   
Note to self...

Wildly yelling “YOU’RE HERE!!!” at your courier on a Monday morning, tends to freak him out 

Sorry, my excitement at my new  pin got the better of me! 

Also, I’m not sorry, you know you’d do the same if you were me!

Ps thanks 
Welp, I’m not going out today!

The wait is almost over 

BRING ME MY  AWESOMENESS!! 

Thanks again   and 
Going live with some Mortal Kombat 11 on  

Fight me if you dare!  
Guess what came in the mail today!!!!  and  I love it  
  
Come play some world war z !   
This country has no product!!   
  What kind of setup are you guys using to play gm mode together? I'd like to start a game with a friend. Great show by the way, the GM mode series is my favorite thing on YouTube right now.
Things always work out in the end, be patient. #Patience
The world would be a happier, more peaceful place if we all tried to understand instead of judging.

It's difficult to wait, but worse to regret.
I was like a little kid at Christmas when this arrived I love it so much and just ordered the new pin too  
Although I had a bad day today, I found a awesome action figure of 
Hypothetically... If you wrote..” call me up” on yourself .... and they didn’t ...does it mean you’re not good enough?  Hypothetically speaking of course 
Whats up Scotty ? Need a masterpiece ? U got my number  
It’s like Stone Cold & David Copperfield had a daughter
Quit being complacent Apollo   
Why you’d consider anyone else is beyond me.... how’s the back feel? 
If it is really important to you, there is no doubt, you will find a way to make it
Awesome  
#wheresbreeze
It's the beginning of the end. 

See you in #Gotham on Thursday for the final episode
Watched this today and it made me think of      he said “the
Hahahhaha  
Cant wait to set these up! Gonna have a whole  section of figures!  
“Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up.” 
― Robert Frost
Get some  man.   
Don't bring up the past of a person trying to improve their future. #Compassion
Don't
Holding a grudge is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die..
Don't wait for people to be friendly. Show them how. Lead the way with your example. #Kindness
This has been so funny, to weigh in I have an English degree and I am 100% on the side of  "Do the splits" is an idiom, and idioms don't follow the traditional structure of English.
Just give up man.    You’re wrong.  It’s ok  
Happy Easter to the  community!   
Is it "do the splits" or "do a split"? Tell us in the comments...  
If you watch the   or  on  make sure you jump in this for a chance to win some awesome merch from both!! Follow and sub for more entries! 
  

If you’re not watching you need to start!
Aaaaa good ol Days  
I have never understood the plight of  against  until my girlfriend took Triple H and John Cena from me while I made us popcorn.

She must be destroyed. #TeamRAW
Hey  
Remember you have until April 30th to get your entries into the  collaborative merch #giveaway with     

So many ways to enter. 

Double the merchy goodness. 

>>Enter below<<

 
Now commencing impatient wait for pin arrival... 

Thanks    and  

First pin is awesome, I’m sure this one will match if not top it’s awesomeness
 Just end it already! I'm waiting for the mercy rule! #upupdwndwn #gmmode
. goal is to get  to join the #RAW side before the Rumble. Let's just say  will be extremely upset if that happens... #BOTB #BattleOfTheBrands #UUDD

YES!!!!  
Guess who got her   badge.   


I'm raising money to help my mom rebuild life after house fire.. Click to Donate:    via 
Going live now on  with some  come hang out  
We won! Dope!  WHERE THE EFF IS TYLER BREEZE AND WHY IS HE NOT ON SMACKDOWN?!?  #WeWantBreeze
"If I don't see  by the end of the show, I'm going to lose my mind!!" 

 is not a in a good place after #RAW gutted his  roster.
. remains as relatable as always. 
If  doesn't see  on #SDLive tonight, he's going to LOSE HIS MIND! 

Keep it tight, Xavier. #UUDD
What happens when you get   and  on the same channel? You get TheSweetz! 

Join the community, and find out what sort of trouble you'll be getting into:  
What happens when you get   and perfec10n on the same channel? You get TheSweetz! 

Join the community, and find out what sort of trouble you'll...  
Look what came in the mail! Gotta love  (  &  This is awesome! Thanks guys! 
Check out TheSweetz on Mixer & Twitch; follow Zombie Sailor Toys @  for all your pin collecting goodness. #SubClub #PinClub
Tears of joy on the proudest day of my life.

Our mobile clinic in Syria is up & running!

WE CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE

 
I can't wait to listen to this! 
Nothing but respect for a true pro wrestling revolutionary and the greatest highflying wrestler of all time. 
Hero. 
Totally accurate
Take me back. My God I want to go back. Time away, the time of my life.
My point about the toxic culture of  fans is validated every Monday Night.
Don't believe me? Check my mentions - a wonderful mix of nasty insults, cynics with nothing to offer, & the odd fan who agrees that there is a problem (everyone else). Sucks to be right sometimes -SZ
Whoever said this must indeed be a wise philosopher and a poet. 
It's not Twitter, it's the fans.
They are sad, deeply damaged people who now have a platform like Twitter to voice their awful opinions. There are many reasons for why they act this way, I can't explain them all now. Join my cult. Warm regards. -SZ 
Inspiring. 
Spot on. 
It'd be SO easy to publicly rip the idiots that fill my mentions to shreds.

I'd get thousands of likes, retweets & affirmations like "yaaas drag him king!" for it too, because Twitter is mainly scum who live for public degradation of others.

I won't sink to your level.
xoxo -SZ
Tweet of the year. 
Man, that's nothing.
You should have seen me the 9 months I was away from  
Despite being one of the 11 men I decimated on the way to becoming fantasy hockey champion this year, Nick here is as excited as anyone for the new limited release "Sami Zayn Bienvenue à Montreal" T-shirt! 

Get them while you can at #RawMontreal &
Alright Montreal, come and get
Last
You've got to love the number of  fans agreeing that fans are terrible...but somehow forget to include themselves in that group. 
I hope you all find the courage to acknowledge your role in this toxic culture. Warm regards -SZ 
You're terrible. Xoxo -SZ 
Friends will be
New York
Equally uplifting and heartbreaking. 
Solidarity with the people of Palestine today on #LandDay. 

#FreePalestine
. forgot his sunglasses back home so I flew to Ireland to pick them

I know fans have been waiting for an update. I am happy to announce that I won my fantasy hockey league this year.
Despite having been to London many, many times, it's been a long while since I've had time to actually enjoy it. London rules when you have more than 2 or 3 hours to look around.

In...  
London
Tweedy with  
A great Sunday.
Grateful for this
World view is shaped by data you take in.
Hate intake becomes hate output.

I wish influential media figures & leaders would act responsibly, knowing the weight of their words. Sadly, I doubt it.

So we've got to
be mindful of what we feed our brains (or what is being fed to us). 
I can't find the words to express my sorrow about the terror attack in #Christchurch.
This didn't happen in a vacuum.
This is what happens when we spend years convincing people that Muslims in our communities are a threat.
Our minds are fragile. 
Words matter & have consequences.
I'm featured in the latest episode of  I talk about refusing to portray a "terrorist" character and getting the chance to be a positive Muslim hero I didn't have as a kid. 

The goal is simple: I want you to see no difference between you and I. 
I don't have a burning need to be right about everything.

BUT.

I've been right about everyone all along. 

#Smackdown
It saddens me to see this type of trash continue warping minds and spreading fear & hate in the hearts of millions of people on a nightly basis. 

This isn't a question of politics, it's a matter of calling out bigotry when you see it. 
I'm
Gotta read between the
One my all-time favorite matches with one of my best opponents ever. 
Man, it's really great to see Roman Reigns again.
Bernard. 
You deserve to be in the Hall of Fame irrespective of your run in DX. 
Half the guys on the roster, myself included, may never have had the chance to sign with  without you paving the way. 
Thank you for your contributions. Much love and respect.
Thanks for making me feel again.
 & 
#EliminationChamber
Hell of a performance by  
Much respect. #SDLive
If no one out there understands,
Start your own revolution and cut out the middle man.


I'd like to have a say on the income tax
Don't wanna help build bombs and that's the facts
No money for healthcare so what's the catch
The man got you locked with no keys to the latch
THIS IS GREAT! 
Why does a mega-corporation worth almost a trillion dollars, led by the richest man in the world, need our $3 billion in subsidies? That’s what I asked Amazon execs yesterday. This seems like vulture monopolistic capitalism at its
As always, a great read from  
Bernard. 
Happy birthday ⁦ hope it's better than the last. 
*Yes chant* 
Tonight, I team up once again with  for an evening of improv! I love fun! 
I can't believe this was only one year ago. Feels like another lifetime, eh 
I'm so glad that #TheMan has come around. 
Winter in Montreal is brutal, but in some ways truly beautiful. 
The scene pictured here - drivers digging their cars out of mountains of snow, parents  bundling up their children and...  
I've made a huge
Bobby and
Man, I LOVED Andrade vs. Mysterio.

The pacing, story, athleticism, execution - everything was on point. They created genuine excitement. I hope to tear it up with these both these guys at some point.

Much Respect  
#SDLive
I've watched this several times. 
Toots, you're a
Consumerism exploits people's inadequacy & convinces them products will make them accepted & worthy of love.

Many therefore fall into toxic patterns of overconsumption, which is bad for their health, but far worse for our planet.

Thank you  for trying to educate! 
I've written SO many reactionary tweets out of anger & disgust, only to delete before sending because I realize they do no good.
For as many 'likes' as they'd get, I'd just be contributing to the toxic swirl of shitTM that exists online.
Can't stop everyone, but you can stop you.
With talk of resolutions, this may be worth a listen.

Happy to share a lot that I can't express in 280 characters.

Social media as a tool
Forgiveness & understanding
Toxic patterns
Calling yourself out
Wrestling culture, ego & identity 
Why I don't eat meat

I laugh a lot too. 
Pain will follow...   #WorldDomination #roh #njpw
#JoinTheRaid #VikingRaiders #VikingExperience #305Live #wwe #wweraw
#JoinTheRaid #VikingRaiders #VikingExperience #305Live #wwe #wweraw #raw  
The #VikingRaiders  &  continue to make STATEMENTS on
Never
Been
Beat
#nxt #wwenxt
#JoinTheRaid #VikingRaiders #VikingExperience #305Live #wwe #wweraw
Never
Been
Beat
#nxt #wwenxt
#JoinTheRaid #VikingRaiders #VikingExperience #305Live #wwe #wweraw #raw  
The #VikingRaiders ( &  maken een einde aan de #LuchaHouseParty tijdens
. makes his debut on #WWENXT THIS
#JoinTheRaid #VikingRaiders #VikingExperience #305Live #wwe #wweraw
#JoinTheRaid #VikingRaiders #VikingExperience #305Live #wwe #wweraw #raw  
The #VikingRaiders  &  are putting an END to the #LuchaHouseParty...
Here comes The #VikingRaiders! #Raw  
They already won. But they aren't quite done. #Raw  
The #VikingRaiders  &  stand tall and strong over the #LuchaHouseParty.
Want to know more about the #VikingRaiders take a watch
#JoinTheRaid #VikingExperience #warraiders #nxt #wwenxt #WWE
#raw #wweraw   
Help us raise some money for Mama Ricochet!! 
  #jointheraid 
Final day for bidding! 
Want to know more about the #VikingRaiders take a watch
#JoinTheRaid #VikingExperience #warraiders #nxt #wwenxt #WWE
#raw #wweraw   
Love the hard hitting analysis from those in the know. “He’s fat.” No shit! Now kiss my fat ass and watch me have a great match.
H U S B A N D 
P R O F E S S I O N A L
B A D  A S S  
MUTHAF#<KA

SEND LOVE 2 
TOM CASTOR, 
(  )

The Man Willing 2 Sacrifice His Personal Health 4 The Entertainment Of The Paying Customer. 

Say THANK U
We R Blessed 2 Have
Watch as The #VikingRaiders  &  battle The #StreetProfits  &  on #WWENXT streaming NOW on   
We’re changing it from the inside, out. Here’s to two best friends’ life long dream. Here’s to the people that wrote us off. Here’s to Tag Teams around the globe. Here’s to the sport of PROFESSIONAL WRESTLING. 
#FTR
#TopGuys
#THEREVIVAL
#GTTOAT
Brother, right now I’d take a plain dingy Hanes t shirt. 
Anything for us or nah? 
Wow! 
Never
2nd place ain’t even close. 
Today, the best tag team match in free tv history took place! Midnights vs The Fantastics.  
Yall need to listen to Episode 5. #ThursdayThoughts Better yet, listen to all of them and hear how we progressively get better. #wrestling #WrestlingCommunity #WWE #AEW #ROH #Impact
The best unsigned tag team out there! Congrats boys! Big opportunity. 
#DawsonBoys 
There aren’t too many that ‘love the business’ left. He’s one. Tell him to let me know how I can help. Gotta TRY to keep the love alive. 
When Worlds Collide, there can only be one 
#FTR
Game’s about to change, y’all.
A great time in my career. What a great team they were. 
Boots laced and breathing, brotha. Ain’t nobody better. 
#TopGuys
#FTR #ForeverTheRevival 

Is there a real discussion about this?!
#ShatterMachine 

It can’t be overstated; we’re the best team this company’s got!
They have some IMPRESSIVE tag team partners tonight. 

Thanks again to #topguys   and  for wearing our set of Fandu Classic tags! Great run as champs and they’ll be back on top soon!   
No Flips...
#TopGuys
#FTR
#ForeverTheShevival #FTS 
You know who’s a good guy... 
Life ain’t always beautiful, but it’s a beautiful ride. 
#TopGuys
#FTR

Love y’all. Let’s have some drinks and talk tonight. New game-plan. 
Walk it like we talk it. 
#WrestleMania
#FTR
#TopGuys 
Best there ever will be. 
#WrestleMania
#Hitman
 

WOW
Wow
I love Billy Gunn
#HartFoundation
#WWEHOF



I offered to manage. But the #TopGuys are doing alright for themselves. ⁦ ⁦ #FTR
I didn’t cry 
I didn’t cry 
I didn’t cry 
I didn’t cry 
#TheRevival & #TheSHEvival 
Hawkins & Ryder were relevant over a decade ago because Edge allowed them to ride his coattails. 

Y’all can jump on the back of our jackets; we’ll make you relevant one more time. You’re
Don’t mess with The Revival’s money. At #WrestleMania, we clock-in as Tag Team Champions & clock-out as the incomparable flag-bearer of the whole company. 
#FTR
#TopGuys 
Come meet this once-in-a-lifetime tag team, TONIGHT at Axxess from 8-10. 

⁦* not
Beg for it. 
I wonder how the first person who was hungry knew to eat?!
New York and North Carolina are so different!


The Revival, currently in #WWE, is an awesome team.  And now I like them even better with  acknowledgment of the accomplishments of The Midnight Express . . . 
Ready when ‘they’ are. 
My God, dude! There is absolutely no one like us! We really are the best they’ve got. Legit Top Guys. 
Dennis Condrey sent me a text & called me after our match to tell me how good we are. Do y’all think I really need your approval?! 
#FTR
#TopGuys
Individually, these two guys are gonna be Superstars. Together? They’re good; but they ain’t “Revival good”. 
#FTR
#TopGuys 

When  and  wanted to be 'Mania-ready they came to see  . 
 
 and  helped formulate the attack plan. So where should YOU go to train? 


Talked Tag Team Wrestling
#FTR #DIY #AOP #NXT 
Top. Guys.
Just Tag Team Wrestling, man. 
#FTR 
Don’t matter. Still YOUR RAW Tag Team Champions. 
#FTR
#TopGuys
Guys, we have 3, legit, GREAT Tag Teams going into the #WWEHOF this year. I fell in love with tag team wrestling as a young kid, because, in my mind, two best friends were fighting for each other. Never forget, tag team wrestling is special. 
#HarlemHeat
#HartFoundation
#NAO
The first team that showed me what Tag Team Wrestling could be. I’m so honored that I get to see this induction live, in person. 
Wait, there’s going to be a meet AND a greet?! You guys have no idea how lucky you are! #innit 
#Undisputed.. #OurERA      
 was tearing up the mitts tonight!

#OurERA #UE #UNDISPUTED #onit #wwe #nxt #trainingpartner #mixedmartialarts #bobbyfish #downtownorlando #roundhouse #mmaworkout #instafit...  
Surprise ending to this one, a new ERA begins.. 
#UNDISPUTED  
#UNDISPUTED #OurERA  
What a pleasant surprise!! #bang #HappybirthdayBabe 
. giving  some words of encouragement tonight at #NXTSanford “You’re Adam
Cole, Fish, O'Reilly, Strong! #UndisputedEra are the dominant force in  Join the movement; get the new tee at #WWEShop. #WWE #NXT    
 
.  &  have the utmost confidence in the "dangerous"  and tonight just very well may usher in "The Era of #UndisputedERA!"
Will tonight be the night that kicks off a GOLDEN year for #UndisputedERA? 

  
Baddest team on God’s green. #Undisputed #RD  
Me lleno de orgullo cada vez que pienso, siento y evidencio que el futuro de esta Industria está en muy buenas manos. Y esa aseveración es #INDISPUTABLE
Gracias   y  por todo lo que hacen. 
 – at Barclays Center
From #EVOLVE125 to #Axxess to #NXTTakeOver...   and  are shocking the system ALL #WrestleMania Week
Make your way over to the #WrestleManiaSuperstore and take care of all your Undisputed ERA needs..
Don’t miss your chance to grab the sweet new #ShockTheSystem shirt starting at noon tomorrow at the #wrestlemaniasuperstore and that’s Undisputed!  #UndisputedERA
#ThisIsRealLife #WWEPC  
If people spent less time trying to find a hack and more time simply working harder, they would be more successful.
 Badass Beard Care #giveaway 
- 
INCLUDED:  Oil and Balm Combo + our BABC Hat
- 
TO ENTER:    
 Like this post  
Tag two friends in the comments   
 Retweet with your favorite #badassbeardcare product  
- 
The winner will be selected Friday,
Let's talk about Squad Goals.    
Cole, Fish, O'Reilly, Strong! #UndisputedEra are the dominant force in  Join the movement; get the new tee at #WWEShop. #WWE #NXT    
 
 Badass Beard Care #giveaway 
 -
 INCLUDED:  Badass Growth Kit
 -
 TO ENTER:   
 Like this post 
Tag two friends in the comments  
 Retweet with your favorite #badassbeardcare product
 -
The winner will be selected Friday,
EXCLUSIVE: #UndisputedERA's path to holding ALL the gold in 2019 starts with  #NXTChampionship opportunity at #NXTTakeOver: New York! 

  
You can tell he's such a good boy! Someone please adopt Blue. 
DDPYOGA was literally the first physical activity I participated in after ACL surgery and it continues to be a staple of what I do to this day!    via 
DDPYOGA was literally the first physical activity I participated in after ACL surgery and it continues to be a staple of what I do to this day!   via 
Thanks to  We've finally got a brand new Twitter look as well as a new Main Site layout hope and hope that  & everyone like them as much as we do so be sure to check them out and let us know your thoughts - 
Have you ever performed a sharpshooter on jeans? Well,  has! 

The newest #UndisputedAwesomeness on the #EandCPod is live! 

Listen and subscribe: 
A man, reduced to a single instinct: Survive. #MAD #njcup #njpw #njpwworld
2/14- #NXTStPetersburg 
2/15- #NXTVenice 
2/16- #NXTOcala
    
When  got injured last year, he thought he was damaged goods until his mind was put at ease. 

Also, the Rocket Strappers preview #WWEFastlane on another  #UndisputedAwesomeness #EandCPod 

Listen and subscribe: 
  now that the #TheBaddestTeamOnGodsGreen is back it's time to bring back the #ChasingTheDragon #Undisputed #NXT #UndisputedEra #reDRagon
Now on  #UndisputedAwesomeness continues with  Talking breaking into the biz, NOAH, ROH, NJPW & NXT + he manages to catch ire of Paul Smackage. Definitely one of the funniest episodes we’ve done. FYI he used to be a ninja 
Tomorrow on ⁦ the month of #UndisputedAwesomeness (copyright ⁦ ) continues w ⁦ Super fun chat about being a ninja, hating Jay, being a Stiffy Wonder, Jerk Jackson, ROH, NJPW, NOAH, NXT & somehow infuriating
Now on ⁦ the line forms to the left for ⁦ as he continues our month of #UndisputedAwesomeness hear how he seamlessly jumps into the bizarre chemistry that is E&C while detailing what it’s like to be a wrestling ninja 
UP NEXT:  &  CLASH with  &  in the first round of the #DustyClassic!
. &  are looking confident tonight!
Just got the best hoodie on planet earth in the mail and that is #Undisputed     
????? vs. ????? in a Guerrilla Warfare match at Mystery Vortex VI!
Two Hundred will be shipping on Blu-ray & DVD starting tomorrow! Order your  copy here:  
Tickets for Mystery Vortex VI, taking place May 10, 2019, are now on sale! Get yours right now at   !
Tickets for Mystery Vortex VI go on sale tonight at 8PM! Visit     to secure your seats for the most enigmatic event of the year!
Tickets for Mystery Vortex VI go on sale Tuesday, April 9th at 8PM PDT!
Mystery Vortex VI takes place on Friday, May 10th!
Two Hundred Blu-ray/DVD preview is now up! Check it out here:  
Last night's monumental two hundredth event, aptly named Two Hundred, is now available for pre-order on Blu-ray and DVD! Order your copies right now at:  
Hand of Doom will be shipping on Blu-ray and DVD starting tomorrow! Order your copy here:  
Tickets for Two Hundred, taking place Friday, March 1st, are now on sale! Get yours right now at:   
In one hour, tickets for Two Hundred, taking place Friday, March 1st, go on sale! Get yours at 8PM at   
Hand of Doom Blu-ray/DVD preview is now up! Check it out here:  
Tickets for Two Hundred go on sale Tuesday, February 5th at 8PM PDT!
Bandido faces Jeff Cobb for the PWG World Title at Two Hundred!
LAX (Ortiz & Santana) vs. Lucha Brothers (PENTA EL ZERO M & REY FENIX) vs. The Rascalz (Zachary Wentz & Dezmond Xavier) for the PWG World Tag Titles at Two Hundred!
Jonathan Gresham faces David Starr at Two Hundred!
Darby Allin takes on Brody King at Two Hundred!
Aussie Open (Mark Davis & Kyle Fletcher) make their PWG debut as they take on Best Friends (Chuck Taylor & Trent?) at Two Hundred!
Laredo Kid faces Puma King at Two Hundred!
Trey Miguel makes his PWG debut against Jake Atlas and Jungle Boy in a three way match at Two Hundred!
Two Hundred takes place on Friday, March 1st!
Hand of Doom, our incredible 2019 kick-off event, is now available for pre-order on Blu-ray and DVD! Order your copies right now at:  
Due to an injury, Flip Gordon will not be at Hand of Doom. ACH returns to PWG to take on Bandido!
The Holiday sale will be ending on Monday, January 7th! Order here:   
Tickets for Hand of Doom, taking place Friday, January 18, are now on sale! Get yours right now at   
In one hour, tickets for our first show of the new year, Hand of Doom, taking place Friday, January 18th, go on sale! Get yours at 8PM at   
Flamita will be unable to wrestle at Hand of Doom. Laredo Kid makes his PWG debut teaming with Rey Horus against LAX!
The 2018 Battle of Los Angeles has been added to the Holiday DVD sale! Order here:  
Tickets for Hand of Doom go on sale Wednesday, January 2nd at 8PM PDT!
Trevor Lee faces Jeff Cobb for the PWG World Title on January 18th!
Best Friends (Chuck Taylor & Trent?) return to PWG to face The Rascalz (Zachary Wentz & Dezmond Xavier) for the PWG World Tag Titles on January 18th!
Flip Gordon returns to PWG to take on Bandido on January 18th!
LAX (Ortiz & Santana) face Flamita & Rey Horus on January 18th!
Jonathan Gresham makes his PWG debut to take on Robbie Eagles on January 18th!
Puma King takes on DJ Z on January 18th!
Jungle Boy makes his PWG debut to take on Brody King on January 18th!
Hand of Doom takes place on Friday, January 18th!
Smokey and the Bandido will start shipping on Thursday! Order your copy here:  
Smokey and the Bandido Blu-ray/DVD preview is now up! Check it out here:  
The Holiday DVD/Blu-ray sale is now live!   
Due to a shipping delay, the 2018 Battle of Los Angeles will now start shipping on Monday. Order your copy here:  
2018 Battle of Los Angeles - Night Three Blu-ray/DVD preview is now up! Check it out here:  
The 2018 Battle of Los Angeles will start shipping on Friday! Order your copy here:   
2018 Battle of Los Angeles - Night Two Blu-ray/DVD preview is now up! Check it out here:  
2018 Battle of Los Angeles - Night One Blu-ray/DVD preview is now up! Check it out here:  
Last night's historic Smokey and the Bandido is now available for pre-order on Blu-ray and DVD! Order your copies now at:  
Tickets for Smokey and the Bandido are now on sale! Get yours at   
Tickets for Smokey and the Bandido, taking place October 19, go on sale in just ten minutes! Remember to Shift+Refresh and get yours at   
Darby Allin will now be facing Trevor Lee on October 19th!
Due to an injury, Joey Janela will not be wrestling at Smokey and the Bandido.
Tickets for Smokey and the Bandido go on sale Thursday, September 27th at 8PM PDT!
Jeff Cobb faces WALTER for the PWG World Title on Oct 19th!
LAX (Ortiz & Santana) make their PWG debut to take on The Rascalz in a PWG World Tag Title Match on Oct 19th!
Hechicero makes his PWG debut to take on Zack Sabre, Jr. on Oct 19th!
REY FENIX takes on Bandido on Oct 19th!
Darby Allin faces Joey Janela on Oct 19th!
Brody King takes on Timothy Thatcher on Oct 19th!
Flamita vs. Rey Horus vs. Puma King in a three way match on Oct 19th!
Smokey and the Bandido takes place on Friday, October 19th!
2018 Battle of Los Angeles Tournament T-Shirts are now in stock and ready to ship at the merch page! Get yours right now at:  
I don't consider myself a "wrestler" so much as I do a "Lou Theszpian" #Nailedit
About to see my 4th musical within the month... I need a new hobby #Phantom
Why can't the whole cat be the fluffy belly part?
Has anyone considered maybe just talking to the Night King? #GameofThrones
I hope  makes the bold choice and switches format to a multi camera sitcom for the remaining episodes of #GameOfThrones
I’ll knock those drawn on teeth down your throat. 
Welcome to #PlanetPeacock! 

Get EXCLUSIVE  merchandise available now at the  

 Shop  :  
That one eyed Melvin  wants to get nuts, let’s get nuts!


I’m excited for my trip to Hawaii. But they’re not really going to make me eat pizza with pineapple on it, are they? 
Dear Canada, I can't read French, but I assume this says that I will be in #Montreal on May 4th for  You should be too. I will whisper insults into the ear of  and make him submit by emotional
There is Game of Thrones and there is my  Both with the same level of acclaim.   
The way that they all shout into the mic, makes me think most wrestlers don’t actually know what microphones do.
Crushing
My cat will sometimes sit with her back paws more forward than her front paws and I am not okay with this.
NEW #PlanetPeacock up now. 

WATCH:  

Burritos at 4 am. Parties that never end... something something and
Classic me 
Watch it... or don’t. I’m not the boss of you #PlanetPeacock   
Shut up. Just shut up everyone! I’m rewatching all the #GameOfThrones
Any acapella artists want to lend their talents to me to help with a project? Let's chat... about scat?
How can anyone seriously think HHH’s spooky car was cooler than my rainbow
On top of the
Excuse me #GameofThones you dropped something... my jaw.
Wait, there’s going to be a meet AND a greet?! You guys have no idea how lucky you are! #innit 
Help out a good dude’s family and get yourself some limited edition custom gear. That’s what we call win-win-win. Full set of #UndisputedERA’s camouflage gear from #WarGames up for auction tonight at 10:45pm. 
The face I make when people say I won’t wreck every fool in this thing. #SSS16 
This match at #WorldsCollide was simply #Undisputed as #SAnitY collided with the ruthless strikes of  & 
I’m sorry tonight didn’t work out like we had hoped, but we’ll always have your back. #Undisputed @ Barclays Center  
Tonight  makes history and proves that  was born to be runner up.  Takeover New York is phase 1 of the Undisputed gold rush. #2019
Come to #Axxess tonight for all things #Undisputed. 
So beautiful it brings a proverbial tear to my eye. 
Your 15th entrant into #SSS16 is...
Tickets ->  
Look what we have here for the merch table,  action figures!

Should we get them autographed?

Available while supplies last starting at
From the opening match at Evolve 1 to the main event at Evolve 125. Winning the  championship will be the epitome of full circle for me. Looking forward to celebrating with you all tomorrow afternoon at LA BOOM!
Big week for  Check out the daily grind at the official YouTube channel    #thisisreallife #wwepc
. has approximately 170 hours left as  Champion before I bring the title home to the #UndisputedERA. I’ll be leaving the sunglasses in my luxury hotel penthouse suite to let you know how serious I am, Austin. 
Are you ready to #ShockTheSystem at #NXTTakeOverNewYork? Get the NEW #UndisputedEra shirt from the #WWE Shop just in time for #NXTTakeOver! Go to  
#NXT    
. was one of my ‘guys’ growing up being obsessed with Wrestling and it’s so cool to have him as a friend and mentor now.  has for sure helped add years to my career and I’m forever grateful. 
Stoked to be on the recent episode of E&C’s Pod of Awesomeness! Talking with two huge influences of #koolkyle in  and  was a pleasure and I hope you all enjoy the listen. 
March Schmarch, it’s whatever month  says it is. Don’t sleep on these  live events, there’s gonna be some major system shockage. #UndisputedERA 
Now on ⁦ the line forms to the left for ⁦ as he continues our month of #UndisputedAwesomeness hear how he seamlessly jumps into the bizarre chemistry that is E&C while detailing what it’s like to be a wrestling ninja 
How did decaffeinated Colombian coffee crystals make you feel?
Me:
Takeover is awesome and all but  weekly TV is always just as good. The entire opening round of the Dusty Cup was top notch; tag-team Wrestling is alive and well. Congrats to the ‘Do It Yourselves’ on a lucky fluke but we’re still #Undisputed (ERA).
33 years ago today  released the album "Master of Puppets"
Thank-you all SO much for the “Happy Birthdays” and the wonderful well wishes. I got to spend my special day living my dream competing in  for the amazing fans in Pittsburgh, PA! I...  
And here I am thinking you all forgot?! Shame on me! Best pals a #koolguy could ask for! And Adam, you know I live every day to ‘Shock the System!’ 
“Shock the System” are words to live your life by. #NXTFtPierce #NXTDaytona (speedway) 
Good luck TD! 
Very proud of all these athletes but SO PROUD of my baby bro  for what he’s accomplished in his storied career and also for becoming the 2nd member of the ARMSTRONG FAMILY to enter the  Hall of Fame with our Dad #BulletBob ...Making Pensacola Proud!
Literally me this entire video:  #nxtbartow tonight! 
EXCLUSIVE: What's the big idea,  Can't you see #UndisputedERA have BIG PLANS to put into motion, here?

 is gearing up to leave  down next week on
I don’t play AIR I only play GOLD. When the UE gets the gold back perhaps I’ll serenade you all once again while my title gently weeps. But perhaps NOT given this blatant disrespect! And for the record, I tear the house down every night ‘air/title instrument’ or not. 
Well at least my backpack is like 20 lbs lighter at the airport now.. #MrBrightside
2018 NXT tag-team of the year. Undisputed then, now and forever.  
Anytime the #UndisputedERA’s music hits,  and  #TroyBoy perfects his own entrance.
Please try not to trample and injure each other rushing into #wwesuperstore when it opens, there is enough #UndisputedERA merch for everybody!  
“Last stop Penn Station” part two of my wrestlemania two story and the camel.

⁦ ⁦ ⁦ ⁦ 

#WatchROH #wwe
I guarantee you at Takeover we’re going to make Hagrid and bald Karl Marx regret ever taking their first Viking lessons. And that’s for suuuuure #undisputed.   
This was from at least a few weeks ago. 
I was gonna day that exact same thing! Great minds... 
My friend  needs a living kidney donor. I just know the right person with the right blood type is out there perhaps needing to see this video to inspire them to save a life. Please RT and share! Or call 1 855 875 5182 for testing information. Thanks everyone! 
#PositivelyUnstoppable 
Sue is number
Tonight. Tomorrow night. The night after tomorrow night. #nxtroadtrip  
Step 1: successfully defend the NXT tag team titles. Step 2: boogy over to MSG and tear the house down. #UndisputedERA 
This makes me so unbelievably happy! Merry Christmas. 
You’ll want to be there when the Undisputed ERA makes history again. Tickets available now for  Takeover
Need last minute gift ideas? Santa knows the score... #UndisputedERA 
Sooner than later. 
I head to #EVOLVE117 and #EVOLVE118 to simply do 1 thing... show the wrestling world we run this whole show no matter where we are! Head to    for tickets and info! #shockthesystem #UndisputedERA
To quote  “Don’t bring a coat this weekend because the ERA is coming in HOT!” Great advice & oh how fitting given these chilly temperatures the Midwestern region of the United States experiences this time of year. #NXTMilwaukee #NXTGreenBay #NXTStPaul #NXTDesMoines 
Can’t wait for the rematch. 
Saddened to hear about the passing of Dynamite Kid. There was a time I watched every Dynamite match I could get my hands on including this tribute video countless times. Despite many attempts of re-creating his magic I would never come close.    via 
I can do the Frug. 
In a word... yes. 
Thought of the day- NXT Superstars holding #EVOLVE titles? Well there are no bigger Superstars than the #UndisputedERA and I’ve won just about every  title but the #EVOLVE title. So Maybe Dec. 15th I come to La Boom and #ShocktheSystem? #OurERA
What a great #reference and it’s true, too. 
Yes we are sore. Yes we didn’t win #WarGames. Yes we are still the best thing that has ever graced  #UndisputedERA
WarGames was an experience I’ll never forget.  
Says the Viking man. 
I did it all by myself! I did it for my brothers in the Undisputed ERA. Tomorrow we ride into the Staples Center in LA ready for WarGames and ready to Shock the System.. and we have the...  
This is so cool! 
The last time Zelina Vega encountered someone as small as Hornswoggle, she recieved a promise ring [2/19]
Our biggest fans this week:    Thank you! via 
The new romance angle between Renee Young and Mercy the Buzzard is a transparent attempt to embarrass her [5/19]
Kevin Owens wore the leg of "Little Woodsy" around his neck during his entrance [5/19]
Lol I called Dave’s show once.

I asked live on air if Lex Luger went to Elizabeth’s autopsy to ask for his drugs back
July 8th,  2014 Observer Radio 
This introduction of Becky is reminiscent of Corbin's
Bryan won't read troll questions on Observer Radio but once read "Any truth to the rumor that a rival promoter paid off Jake Robert's snake to shoot on Randy Savage?"
After losing to Becky, Charlotte returned and attacked Dana Brooke taking her spot in the Women's Money in the Bank ladder match, which she won at 14:14. *** 1/4 [5/19]
That hacker email that was sent to Jim Cornette got me thinking what type of porn Jim Cornette does watch. He does mention a lot of balls being nailed to a stepstool .
Among the names in the Smackdown field of Money in the Bank was Robert Roode, who was on RAW last week. There is no consistency anymore [5/19]
Kai has incorporated Brian Knobb's "Pitty City" spot into her moveset, renaming it the "Pit Stop", but nobody is buying the idea that a 110 pound woman's armpit smells anywhere near as bad. [8/19]
As a response to The Usos posting Dash shaving Dawson's back, The Revival showed footage of Jey Uso blowing into the breathalyzer ignition lock on Jimmy's car [5/19]
"This Corbin push is a monument to Vince's arrogance"
 the Bray Wyatt gimmick ran its course when Paul Reubens pinned him with the meka-leka-hi-meka-hiney-ho. -*** (4/20)
The Viking Raiders had their names changed to Vykingz during their match with The Ascension  [5/19]
I'm 4'6. 
In an effort to trick WWE to releasing her, Sasha Banks has changed her name to "Second Quarter Earnings Report" [8/19]
Former territorial era wrestler Dale Veasey is now managing a Build A Bear Workshop in his hometown of Orlando [5/19]
"Albert Einstein, ya know, was like a genius. Like a really smart guy and I say that as knowing smart guys, you know? Like Dana. Dana is really smart. He may not always act like it but you know, haha...Oh man we have to talk about this thing with Dana and
Dakota Kai debut the Daytona Kai gimmick. Crowd sang "Daaaayyytoonaaa let's go away" along with her new theme. [8/19] 
Rollins vs. Corbin was made for the main event in a lumberjack strap match. Unlike the usual variety in which the lumberjacks have straps, this was a strap match with people around the ring [6/19]
Dakota Kai is expected to return with a Nascar fan gimmick, under the name "Daytona Kai" [7/19]
The main event of Priscilla Kelly's Bloodsport became the top downloaded video in the history of the streaming website Efukt. [4/20]
Vince Russo would stand outside the theatre yelling spoilers because "Its all fake,
Shades of Impact, Spike TV and  
"Kevin Wacholz as The Convict to feud with The Big Boss Man"  -

"Oh, he'll feud with the big boss man alright" -  

I feel I should tag   and  too
Chances they are just Glen Ruth fans? 
Credited for his "advancement of alternative lifestyle acceptance in the world of Sports Entertainment", Murray Hodgson will be the 2020 Warrior Award recipient [2/20]
WWE's Elias is a featured artist on the title track of Taylor Swift's upcoming album "Me!". The chorus of the song, which is also the first single from the release has Elias singing "Who Loves Elias?", then Swift, 29, proclaiming emphatically "Me!" [4/19]
My week on Twitter : 44 Mentions, 2.15K Mention Reach, 327 Likes, 64 Retweets, 63K Retweet Reach. See yours with 
"You better not kneel,
These Bray Puppets have aged [5/19] 
Necro Butcher spoiled #AvengersEndgame on his Facebook. [5/19]
Our biggest fans this week:    Thank you! via 
So much vitriol from a Dick Beyer fan account. 
Kota Ibushi signing a lifetime contract is the business equivalent of tattooing your girlfriend's name on your face after the second date [5/19]
Al Snow told a joke about apple pies. It was tasteless. The joke, not the pie.  [5/19]
The commentary implied that Peyton Royce wet herself after Sane's elbow drop [5/19]
"I don't know why they are splitting Andrade and Zelina but what can you do?"
Dean Malenko, Leilani Kai and  The Nasty Boys are all names being floated around for the 2020 Hall of Fame [1/20]
Rount Mushmore [5/19]
Ospreay and Ricochet 
 "Cesaro and Kassius Ohno's tag team name will be called... The Brass Rings. You can't make this up folks."  #RawDesMoines [5/19]
"This week, he has been re-branded as Rob 4/29/19" -  
Next came another Bray Wyatt vignette. This time featuring as Easy Bake Oven [4/19]
 "WWE is advertising The Sheild's Final Final Chapter set to air this weekend." [5/19]
 The Easter Bunny was scheduled to appear on #RAW, but news broke on social media that HBK shot him to get publicity for his hunting show. 

Interestingly, pics on Instagram show the only person to visit Easter Bunny in the hospital was The New Daniel Bryan. [4/19]
 It was revealed that the Undertaker's "Dark Ceremony" was actually successful and Stephanie McMahon has been possessed by a succubus demon for the past 20 years.  [5/20]
. WWE Cruiserweight Champion Tony Nese missed weight for his Easter Sunday title defense after over-indulging on Cadbury mini eggs. 
 Jesus of Nazareth defeated Pontius Pilate in a Best of Three Falls Match.  

Pilate applied his Passion finisher but Jesus came back.  

Dusty finish because His Father is the booker. [4/0032]
Inoki did it [4/19] 
no. it can't be over. leave the memories alone [4/19] 
Rich Swann will be releasing his own line of kitchen ware, including pot holders, in the next few months. 

In a related anecdote, "pot holder" was one of Jimmy Hart's positions in WCW during his time as Hulk Hogan's manager [9/19]
Blake Anderson, best known for Comedy Central's Workaholics will be playing Joey Janela in an upcoming biopic [7/19]
My initial thought too 
 The Drax / She-Hulk team-up movie was green lit last week.  [6/19] 
 So the best we can tell, Brian Lee has been booked for the Undertaker UK meet and greets [4/19]
"Facts are Bayley just plain sucks and her teaming with Sasha the past year masked how cringe worthy her character is now."
"Yeah, like..."
"She can't win, she has no backbone, she's never kissed a boy!"
"Yeah, well at least she's still smaller than Peyton Royce."

My week on Twitter : 53 Mentions, 3.83K Mention Reach, 613 Likes, 72 Retweets, 66.9K Retweet Reach. See yours with 
Samoa Joe said he would have been at RAW last week but he thought they were ribbing him when they told him he was going to RAW [5/19]
This weekend I will be appearing at : FOR THE LOVE OF WRESTLING : April 27-28
: Exhibition Center Liverpool Kings Dock United Kingdom : For tickets and more info go to 
 
Perfect time for a #tbt #goflamesgo @ Calgary, Alberta  
2019 WWE Hall of Fame 
  of the whole family  @ Barclays Center  
Me and the Grandkids  @ Barclays Center  
#2XHOF shawnmichaelswwe     
What a wild weekend to say the least! First of all I want to thank WWE for not only the Hall of Fame honor for myself and Jim “The Anvil” Neidhart, but for their hospitality with my...  
 
To our fans around the world, thank you.  See you in Brooklyn! #WWEHOF
On March 1985 in Brantford, Ontario, Jim “The Anvil” Neidhart and I officially became the Hart Foundation. On April 6, 2019, we take our place in the WWE Hall of Fame. I wish Jim was still with us to celebrate this moment, but I know he’ll be on stage with me in
Here's the trailer: 
 

Here's one of my scenes from the movie:


Official website:  
I hope you'll all get out there and support a great film.
Good news! The new wrestling documentary 350 DAYS will be released April 2nd. I'm in it, along with Superstar Billy Graham, "Mr. Wonderful" Paul Orndorff, and dozens more wrestling greats.
Come Meet  at  in  in New York, On April 5th & 6th, 2019, Get VIP’S & Get YOur Pre-sale Tickets to meet the Best There Is, Best there was, The Best there Ever Will Be.. Click On Link:   
Hey Calgary, I’m excited to let you know I will be appearing at White Collar Boxing’s event on March 22nd at The Palace Theatre and walking my buddy Jesse Modz from CJAY92 down to the ring and being in his corner. See you there and Go Get’Em Jesse! - Bret   
Jerome Iginla gave me this jersey a week after I had my stroke in 2002.  I’ve always treasured it because it meant so much that he and his wife visited me in the hospital during such a...  
Excited to join other #ProstateCancer survivors and supporters at  Step Up Challenge. Join us March 3 and climb #YYC’s tallest towers to save lives!  
Always great seeing harvsihra_wwe and   
President's Day 48 Hour Sale

20% off everything using coupon code: PREZ  
Burnaby BC! Wanna learn about some of the #accessibility resources in the community? Join me on Feb 21 for #ODFABurnaby to learn more (it’s FREE)  #spokesperson #MODCAfterStroke      #Accessible
Rock out Feb 22 for #RFDVancouver & help support BC programs, including #StrokeRecovery services for stroke survivors. I will be joining! Let’s make an impact for people affected by stroke!    #VancouverEvents 
Goodbye to a great friend. One of the kindest, wisest wrestlers I ever knew. When I first started in WWE, he told me: “You can’t stop talent.” I followed those words for the rest of my career. RIP Pedro Morales
This Friday is the 4th annual “Bret Hart Men’s Health Day”  From 9-11am, receive a free PSA Test and you’ll get a chance to meet me. Early detection saves lives! Go to    for more info.
Always great to be back on campus at  What a fantastic experience this afternoon for this proud  speaking with  students about the importance of business, branding and networking, with a few wrestling stories thrown in as well #MRU
Thank you  and harvsihra_wwe for the action figures. I’ve met the Singh brothers many times over the years and I always admired their “no-quit” attitude. You know you’ve...  
Check out my Mental Health video for #BelILetsTalk Feat:                  
Proud to cheer on  with my wife as an  supporting the  at this years #CrowchildClassic, the ultimate crosstown SMACKDOWN. Lets go Cougars! #WeAreTheCougars #BeatUofC #BleedBlue
Goodbye to another dear friend and one of pro wrestling’s great and kind souls. Gene Okerlund brought the best out every wrestler, much like Ed Whalen did for my father’s Stampede...  
Holiday Sale is here! Check out my officially licensed collab with  Click my link to see my collection and the entire ROF Pantheon of Champions and Innovators who helped shape popular culture  
Holiday Sale is here! Check out my officially licensed collab with  Click my link to see my collection and the entire ROF Pantheon of Champions and Innovators who helped shape popular culture  
There are people in life that have a ripple effect both professionally and personally. Tom “Dynamite Kid” Billington was one of those people.  The second professional wrestling match of...  
Plenty of room in Calgary for champions. Congratulations to the Stampeders and Brett Hart 
“I'm the best there is, the best there was, and the best there ever will be.” 
Cyber Monday Sale Is Live Now. Check out my officially licensed collab with  Own a piece of my history  
Go stamps Go  @ Calgary Stampeder Football Club  
So long Stan Lee, thank you for saving my childhood and filling my head with dreams and imagination.
Wrestling Legend Bret Hart Defeats Prostate Cancer, Thanks To Early Detection 
Fight on to victory my courageous
 Keep on fighting Tor there’s too much the world needs you
My contribution to the “Brush of Hope” campaign. Drawing by me and painted by my talented daughter  All proceeds go to the Kidney Foundation of Canada.  To bid, go to  
Had the pleasure of meeting star Maple Leaf Naren Kadri recently in
2018 #terryfox #TheHartTeam  #forsmith

 #humboltstrong  
Hey  I heard you're a fan. I'm a fan of yours too. Good luck tonight against the Red Sox and I hope to see you pitch in person soon.
HART ATTACK from  & 
Very honored Ronda is paying homage to the Hart Foundation   
I had the pleasure to see Burt recently. Although visibly frail, he remembered me. I thanked him for his part of Wrestlemania X. He was a real fan, thoroughly enjoyed the event, the wrestlers & fans. He was a class act and I’m honoured to have been able to tell him that.
I'm supporting the Terry Fox Run. I invite you to do the same! 
Stunned and saddened. I just don’t have the words right
#TBT 2014. Single-handedly the kindest, nicest man I ever knew in the wrestling
Much respect    

Thank you to  for hooking me up with this Hitman approved custom three piece suit! It was great working with these guys! If you want some original fashion make sure you give...  
Happy to hear that over $10,000 was raised at this year’s #NUTRaiser. Kudos to     and the #YYC community.
Check out this movie July 12th in U.S theaters across the country. 

Get tickets at    .
Goodbye to my boyhood friend Ron Doornbos, always a fighter but finally at peace. My thoughts and prayers to his family, he was a good soul.
With the recent launch of my #RootsofWrestling...  
Coming full circle - Bachelor of Health and Physical Education - Physical
I enrolled at  in 77 to learn film. I ended up taking a different path that allowed me to see the world while representing Calgary and Canada. I am extremely proud to receive an honorary Bachelor of Physical Literacy from Mount Royal University this Friday
I miss you every day Owen, and I vow to keep your memory alive despite the efforts to let you fade away.
I’m available on Cameo now!
 
Thinking of my brother Owen instantly brings a big smile. He was like sunshine every day.

It's Wednesday.  You know what that means.
It's Tuesday.  You know what that means.
It's Monday.  You know what that means.
It's Sunday.  You know what that means.
It's Saturday.  You know what that means.
It's Friday.  You know what that means.
It's Thursday.  You know what that means.
It's Wednesday.  You know what that means.
It's Tuesday.  You know what that means.
It's Monday.  You know what that means.
It's Sunday.  You know what that means.
It's Saturday.  You know what that means.

It's Friday.  You know what that means.
In honor of  ‘finding himself’ I’d like to take a minute to thank him publicly for introducing me to #kendricklamar several years ago while highly intoxicated in Europe
It's Thursday.  You know what that means.
It's Wednesday.  You know what that means.
It's Tuesday.  You know what that means.
MITCHELL!!!!!
How many stars? 

Wait,  wrong guy. 
It's Monday.  You know what that means.
Can't talk. 
F*ck,  I'm good.
Life is chutes and ladders. Sometimes we gotta take that slide down to get to the next big ladder. It is what it is. We keep playing. We keep fighting. Congrats to Dustin and Jolie. They should've already had a belt. Diamonds are
It's Sunday.  You know what that means.
Debrusk busts a nose and a knee. No call.  

Gauthier face washes.  2 minutes.  

Boston.

Got it.  

Suck it.
Kayfabe. 
It's Saturday.  You know what that means.

It's Friday.  You know what that means.
It's Thursday.  You know what that means.
PLAYOFFS!!!!
It's Wednesday.  You know what that means.
I'll make a million mistakes.
Look em' in the eye,  aim no higher.
Wait for it.
I will fight the fight and win the war.
Tomorrow there will be more of us.
This is not a moment,  it's a movement.
Just you wait.
I AM THE PAST.
I'm still baffled that  was the main event at that Worlds Collide card at axxess. Bernard must've booked it.
Returning Harper takes on “Rare Breed” Dominik Dijakovic   via 

Sunday 4/14 @ 8pm 
It's Tuesday.  You know what that means.
I tried to single leg an Olympian last night....

I'm still not sure what happened after but he definitely stopped me,  reversed me and then said,  "I have to go."

I look up and he's german suplexing people.
It's Monday.  You know what that means.
Couple of observations.  

I apparently have new music. 

I am an apron to floor aficionado now.
I told all the kids at my axxess signing today that they could have off of school tomorrow.
I just wanted to apologize now to the parents of those children.  Sorry.
It's Sunday.  You know what that means.
Thank you Bob Cole.
It's Saturday.  You know what that means.
It's Friday.  You know what that means.
I hit a Michinoku Driver from the apron to the floor at AXXESS tonight.  That's where I'm at....
Interesting...  
It's Thursday . You know what that means.
See you tomorrow Mr. Dijak.
It's Wednesday.  You know what that means.
When I asked my 7 year old, Brodie, for help with my match Thursday night at Axxess while watching a best moves of Donovan Dijak on youtube,  halfway through he sighed loudly and said, "Yeah, I don't think I can help you with this
7/8/2013 Baltimore, Md
-
-
-
4/4/2019 'WWE AXXESS'

Dominik Dijkaovic vs. Luke Harper 
Banter 
good job tiger
OMG IMA SPORTS ENTERTAINERHAVING A BAD TRAVELING DAY ISSUES WITH TRAVEL WHATAREYIU GOING TO DO BOUT IT 
You ever see the Sun come up over the Rockies? 

It hits all of a sudden, and below there's California. 

And you swear you're looking at Heaven.
This wound up being a lie, I feel worse.
I will be at #axxess today at 3 PM for autographs.

I chose this picture of  giving me a Twist of Fate because, though I physically feel a lot better, there’s enough irony in it to continue the trend of my other #axxess posts.

See you
Best pizza in Brooklyn? 

Asking for a friend cc: 
I will be at #axxess this afternoon at 1 PM for autographs.

I chose this picture of lifetime foe  dropping me while Nero, Truth, Heavy Machinery & others watch with glee, because I continue to fight sickness to make my appearances for you the 
Come take pictures with me at #axxess tonight at 8 pm.

I chose this picture of  dropping an elbow on me because I’m very sick with a sore throat and congestion and this picture represents how I feel. 

See you later
Just FaceTimed a babe.
Pleased 
EXCLUSIVE:  plans on tossing EVERYONE over the top rope in the #AndreTheGiant Memorial #BattleRoyal at #WrestleMania!
Everything we’ve ever done or will do, we are going to do over and over and over again.
#SDLive 
Had a small piece of broken glass stuck in my foot for three days.
Go  

Live the

Yea 
Good luck tonight!! I’ll be observing!  #persistence #nevergiveup #newfriends 
#WWEFastlane 
A Star is Born
Ghosts.
Aliens.
I won in #WWELakeCharles. #raw
This is a picture you are seeing of me.

You can also see me tomorrow in #WWEAlexandria 

If you are lucky you may also see me lurking Sunday and Monday and Tuesday and so
Roll up victories are a fluke.
#raw
I’ve found #ec1 and #ec2.
#raw 

Available: 
#Raw tonight.

#MansGameMonday
I’m the prototype of
Ambrose doesn't need to look anymore!  We got these shirts at   !   #ec3 #deanambrose #lunaticfrindge #momentofbliss #alexabliss #niajax #wwe #retro #tees
Fine looking attire.
#ec1 #ec2 
The #toponepercent will be swinging on The Great White North this weekend.

Feb 8: #WWEOttawa
Feb 9: #WWEOshawa
Feb 10: #WWESaginaw
Feb 11:
What a time to be alive. 
#victoryaftervictory
For those inquiring minds... #ec2 watched my debut #victory from the comfort of his leather chair #Betsy at home, and #ec1 watched from the comfort of his leather chair #Bernie in heaven. Thanks for asking Dean.
#raw #toponepercent #victoryaftervictory
bliss #raw
Hello everyone. This is a friendly reminder, despite his subpar prediction and hope he didn’t take the over, that  won the  fantasy football championship this year. 
My #SuperBowlLlll prediction nobody asked for.

After a valiant and heroic effort worthy of a classic protagonist, Tom Brady is defeated and passes the torch....

next year to Baker Mayfield in the AFC Championship.

Pats 34 Rams 26
Liked and RTed 
The point is.... don’t lose your
#Serenity was a peculiar film, but has McConaughey’s bare buns so it’s a wash.
Imagine George Carlin in 2019.
If I compete in, and win the #royalrumble, I will purchase everyone in attendance at  a Royal Rumble Burger.

#meat #gluttony #cholesterol #heartattack #stent #macros #theruns #meatsweats 
Words are weapons. I’ll use mine when necessary. #raw 
Considered them marked.
#raw 
Rushing for a flight, dropped container of white rice, vacuum uncharged. #toponepercent
#solo was good, it’s on netflix
mec3 
#glass was good.
Tell me a story of deep delight.
#sd3 
 #raw
Please name this future 
Real happy I’ve never hashtagged fitfam on any social media post I’ve ever made.
Another nice lil thing I said off the cuff  #nx3 
A nice lil thing I said off the cuff...  #nx3 
We've got a DOUBLE MAIN EVENT on deck tonight! #WWENXT
  vs. 
  vs.  

#raw
Boys Night
The gang comes up with an #Avengers: Infinity War-like plan to sleep "The Big Bad," but  dice leave a lot to be desired... #TwinkleToasted       #UUDDRollout
 'The gang comes up with an #Avengers: Infinity War-like plan to sleep "The Big Bad," but  dice leave a lot to be desired... #TwinkleToasted     see more  
Attending an event for  tonight! Great group of people and great organization! Check them out and stay tuned for more! #LouderThanABomb
It's student vs. teacher TONIGHT on #205Live when  takes on  streaming at 10/9c only on 
Family. It’s what matters. It’s what lasts...and I’m lucky enough to have two. So glad  and I could spend some time with  and our family for her birthday! (And it was a surprise too !) A great time with great people whom I love very
#ThankYouGoldust  

See you down the trail...
#ThankYouAmbrose
 appreciate you 
I’m man of many tastes...Cheers! 


 
Felt good...just a reminder to everyone that I’m real good no matter WHAT I do. #JourneymanOfWWE #ManyHats
Behold the in-ring return of 
Like you've never seen him before...Somersault Plancha! Senton! #205Live is on notice! 

See it on #WorldsCollide (NXT vs NXT Alumni) on the #WWENetwork

Oh, and he's got new gear! 
Design by:  
Sewn by: 
One of the best performers and finest humans in the business...we’ll always have Toledo 

#BigHarperTerritory 
Cheers,  for keeping me on point
Yes.

Hundreds. 
Always had the wings...just needed a chance to fly. 
One of the best. Hands down. 

#SoulOfRAW 
Kid’s got wings...  
 
 
 
This should be fun...

If you wanna send me   gift cards, or anything punk rock

Matt Cross
PO Box 470921
Broadview Heights, OH 44147
Hittin' the Open Road this weekend...

Fri 
Haltom City, Texas

Sat Hoodmark Lucha Libre
Brandon, Mississippi

Sun 
North Kingston, Rhode Island

No sleep! All party!
20 Years Down

#WrestlingIsForever
 
Last night was incredible...

Endless thanks to  

Wrote about the evening, including meeting Danzig(!), here:
 
Hey guys! Please check out   

We eat, sleep, and breathe this madness

#WrestlingIsForever
I have a college
Best weekend
 
Yo, if you have any pics of me playing bass with  last night at  in Cleveland let's see em!
The first time I ever stepped foot inside a professional wrestling ring was 20 years ago today.

A lot of mixed feelings about that.

What a wild, worldwide, ride it's been thus far. Come celebrate this Friday in Cleveland

MDogg20 vs Josh Prohibition
In preparation for our 20 year anniversary match at  I’ve been going through some old keepsakes. I have 8 full size promotional posters from the backyard wrestling video game.  and I will be autographing these and selling them at the show on
so, how's your easter
Once a week somebody asks me if  is still wrestling...

He is.

April 26th, we revisit our endless, generation defining, rivalry for  in Parma, OH

Nearly 20 years, to the day, since the 1st time Josh & I ever stepped foot in a ring on April 24th,
Camo  snapbacks back in stock and shipping now!

#WrestlingIsForever

Who's coming, and from where?? 
Matt Cross vs  On #FreeMatchMonday Presented By Powerslam  
It me. 

by the incredible 
UNREAL. 
 
BREAKING!

See ya tonight Chicago/  
it's in our blood...

  
You had WWE spend 2 million on photo projected bugs what you expect me to do   bo f’n bandy over n out #houseofhorrors 
Meet #cowboyboborton and some other folks this weekend in NJ at #wrestlecon
Every finishing move I try as I mess with MK11 got me like #MortalKombat11
Today I basically beat  in a foot race. Please, everyone feel free to give him shit about it.
In honor of  ‘finding himself’ I’d like to take a minute to thank him publicly for introducing me to #kendricklamar several years ago while highly intoxicated in Europe
The toughest role I had yet, getting into character as a tree. This #EarthDay, watch the trees take their revenge in the #SuperMansionEarthDay Special, NOW streaming FREE on  See it here:   
That’s me bro 
Yes. A small role, but a role nonetheless. 
For the live crowd that saw this tonight during my match at #WM #wrestlemania at Met Life Stadium tonight, I would like to apologize on behalf of  for screwing up and shining a...  
Ill never forget that crowd. I was backstage and it was like the heavens opened when your music hit 
At airport sporting a  #miketyson hoodie and a bandaid on my forehead from the hot wheels car that was beamed at me this morning. #terribletwos #hardway #dadlife...  
I’m a competitor. Those dated tropes don’t exist in wrestling anymore. Fans are more educated and hold our industry to the same standards as any other comparable form of entertainment. Context creates. 
Seth Green’s ‘Changeland’, His Film Directing Debut, Getting June Release Via Gravitas Ventures 
#RentsDue 
Ahyesssir 
DM me 
Everyone is asking me if I have a comment on  in her latest video..... nice hoodie #rko #duespaid 
Actually got my moves from #newday bro   and  #newdayrocks 
Great meal in Vegas at  with  thanks for the hospitality   .
Where DOES she put all that
#doingtheorton I like it. Nice meetin u kid 
Come check out my dance moves today at the Las Vegas Toy convention starting at noon #ToyCon #autographsigning
When I take daughter Alanna to school we (I) always jam out to classic rock. This morn I played the #BohemianRhapsody soundtrack and when song of the same name came on she didn’t ‘get it’. Looks like it’s time to Scaramouche and do the Fandango
Too many young wrestlers seem to think “selling” is sign of weakness. 

It’s not. 

It’s an art form. 

Seriously 
Another day at the office  
#tremendous   
Love AA. I stole all of his catchphrases & use them on a daily basis. He went to bat for young talent & at the same time is essentially responsible for all of the current top guys & “golden circle”. He’s not corporate, but that’s a compliment. Can’t take wrestlers outta wrestling
Tonight from 6-8 I’ll be at the World of Wheels auto show at the Kansas City Convention Center
This Saturday 2/16  in Dallas, Texas I’ll be at the Dallas Autorama from 1-3. Instead of airports, restrooms and restaurants you can get your photo with me here!


#dallas  
 
Big thanks to my dawg  for his support!! 
Always 
Mj  >                                                           not even close 
This 
Took this on the drive to the gym this morn. #stcharlespolicedept something tells me he’s cool, I dunno, just a feeling. @ St. Charles, Missouri  
How’s the Hernia btw? 
ICYMI: Kevin Durant on why he hasn't been talking to the media lately: "I just don't trust none of y'all."

(via 
I can’t believe  would rko my cousin like this  wtf edit by me and the Cuzzie        #wwe #randyorton #thejaygarciashow #dashrAdio #rkelly #ibelieveicanfly #yaheard #wwf
We told you this would be good. #WorldsCollide #205Live #NXTUK  
RIP crash, bossman and perfect  
Spent the day with the baby, just got back from the daddy daughter dance with Alanna, now it’s time to have a drink and chill with the woman of my dreams 
I am lucky to have such a strong beautiful woman who ALWAYS has my back. Here’s to the rest of the night 
Baby splash practice   #4thgeneration 
A perfect place for the Viper to strike. #RoyalRumble
This was posted on Twitter. If my followers do anything else in my lifetime, I implore you to help me find the person perpetrating this violence on a helpless child.   
Too long. Gotta hook up soon. 
I have always been told I needed therapy, but this isn’t what I had in mind. Thanks for the referral anyway  Check out #TheECShow on wwenetwork tomorrow night after #Raw  
More like particularly sexy AF therapist. Btw, you didn’t help my anger issues at all, but you already knew that, didn’t you? #TheECShow #RatedRKO #angermanagement 
 
Nice heel turn  #vikings
No Alexios?  
Brooklyn’s got that Cowboy Bob hair.  
Awesome. 
Rob acting like an ass not knowing camera is rolling. 2 down 3 to go.  
Kyle Kashuv starts petition to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to Parkland victim Peter Wang 
Anthony as he struggles to get down the only bite of spinach on his plate. #parentingwoes #dinnertimestruggle #happenseverynight  
Are you glad you let  take over your YouTube channel? 
So far, tbe best part of #Raw has been the commercial for #SDLive tomorrow night.


I’m not. the best w punctuation on Twitter but god (damn Ken) when I get the BEALT BACK YOU CAN BE FORST IN LINE 
Happy Anniversary    
Me not being in the traditional #SurvivorSeries match for the 11th time even though I am the GOAT in that particular match. And  got kicked in the nuts. Again. 
Hell of a cutter 
Nooooo 
 
Lol 
Our new song and video "Crack The Sky" is out now off our upcoming album #BERSERKER, available May 3. Watch here:  
 
Just “2 Gingers” sounds like a Minnesota based whiskey. Oh wait  
“RAVEN’S FLIGHT” | Watch the new video now at   , Part 1 of a 3-Part Series featuring     and more. To be continued...
Erik the Viking?? #RawMontreal
Erick Rowan Paid Tribute to George Romero at WrestleMania With an Original Shirt You Can Now Purchase 
PIZZA PARTY  
Days like
.⁦ 
Select theaters April 5
All VOD platforms April
New  album #BERSERKER arrives May 3rd. Watch the premiere of “Raven’s Flight” now at  
Watch “Back Fork - Trailer_Final” on #Vimeo 
WAR |  
Probably  
Tried getting steamed hashbrowns   was told “Our cooks won’t do it that way anymore”
after our original order was given to us fried.
Guess I won’t be back, thanks Tiffany :)
Our third and final single
RANGARS KVÆÐI
  
The entire album, HEL, will be released in 4 days, on  
Order your copy at this link:
 
We would be most grateful if you could help us and please share this post far and wide!
Sometimes I forget how uncomfortable flying can be.. good thing I’m not claustrophobic
People sometimes make me smile
“The Path So Bright” 
..  is like the  of MAGIC!!
Badass entertainment! Thanks 
When One is journeying to a place which is called  in the land of Orlando. Which is Best?

 
Raise your horns 

. presents a George A. Romero FIlmmaking Program event!  Watch "Flicker" EP1 #BDpresentsFlicker 
Everyday ends in Darkness.
Brightness of the morning light always seems to follow.
Thank you Harper 
Foreshadowing?  
No better place for a Bludgeoning than Brooklyn! 
Tommorow I get to have some fun.
#MoneyInTheBank
You talk to much.   I wanna hurt you. 
Look where no one else is looking.
Der Beginn von 3 Tagen von Schmerz und Leid 
The #BludgeonBrothers are waiting for
"There comes a time for all that marks the final straw" 
Sleep Tight.. 
Thirteenth on a Friday!
Makes my soul smile!
Think I'll go for a walk.
USOS   
"So when you hear me howling, You'll know that I have come for you"
 
F O u R   N I t E s
SIX lbs, SIX ways, SIX days
Twelve Days of Suffering. 
Somewhere, somehow, someone,
Locked within a room with no light... One cannot just depart from darkness... 
Lucky that Raw is heading to San Jose next week and not the BLUDGEON brand. Rowan told me he doesn't like the look of these 2. Hey  tell the boys to keep their heads
... 
Wherever you know of harm, regard that harm as your own, and give your foes no peace.
Nourishment during even the harshest of winters.  
Redemption 
More... 
Return of Light. 
Calm before the Storm 
The beginning of the end! 
The Fall 
Agony... 
"Destroyer of the universe"  
Pain and Suffering!! 
#205Life Episode 10: The one where Jack doesn't wear a
More like Boo Gulak.
I'm imagining telling my ten-year 
-old self this. 
How did this role pass me by, exactly? 
Used Wimbledon tennis balls donated to create homes for harvest
Please say a prayer for my brother  He broke his leg in the line of duty tonight during the main event of #NXTOmaha. When he was on the stretcher he squeezed my hand and proudly said "Drake I Love the Business". We love you Tom! 
This is a stunning admission. 
You sound like my wife. 
I have had my stitches removed. My moustache remains intact; everyone may relax.


I'm awaiting the day that we finally sit down and do a CWC retrospective. 
For a Better 205...

#WWE #205Live #RAW #SmackDown #NXT #NXTUK #GentlemanJack  
Hello  can you please explain to me the differences in these athletes sanctions and my own? 
I’m very sorry to hear of the passing of “The Mighty” John Quinn. A great Pro who came from Canada and stormed the UK. He stayed in Europe for the rest of his career. I only wrestled him once when I was 20 and learned so much from him.
I think I'm honour bound at this point. 
I think I made a new friend. 
when the apology video is definitely not
If there's one thing I can say for certain after this most recent trip to the UK, it's that  is still one of the most fun people to be around.

Time flys ...   
Dogs die in hot cars. Over the weekend while the weather is hot, if you see a dog in a car please cal 999. 
 Almost 1700 of these calls were reports of abandoned buns, including one which was found with a note reading ‘The children have lost interest, we didn’t know what to with it'. This #Easter, find out more about rabbit's health and welfare requirements:  
Protests are MEANT to disrupt.
They’re MEANT to cause issues.
Our traditional British system of getting permission & arranging when is most convenient to protest has always been ludicrous.
Disrupt young man/woman, disrupt.
205Live gave me the Opportunity/Platform to show the world what I’m about! For 12 months I had the pleasure competing against the best cruiserweights in the world!  stopped the unstoppable & deserves much respect! #205live is in great hands with him as the front man! 
Watching people profess their toughness over Twitter is bizarre. Calm down. Have a cuppa.
Here's our top tips to keep your dog safe this Easter 
Never leave chocolate unsupervised on tables or kitchen surfaces
Make sure bins are dog-proof
Never give your pooch chocolate as a treat. Make sure children & visitors know this too! 

Chocolate is toxic to dogs
The Post #205Live Q&A begins now! Click on My Story to take part:  
. may have come up short against  but he had all the love and support from his #205Live brothers and The #BigDog himself 
The Best Kept Experience
 #205Live 
No màs. 
Sorry,  this is the only good picture I have of us together. Good luck on #Raw. #SuperStarShakeUp

#SuperStarShakeUp
The number of wolf-type dogs admitted to our centres has almost doubled since Game of Thrones started in 2011. As beautiful as they are, please always research the breed before adopting any dog. 
Have we invented a singular word for it, or are people still saying "weird brag"? 
This is 205's Worst Kept SecretTM. 
Since #GameOfThrones began, wolf-like dogs have soared in popularity & sadly we've seen a huge increase in breeds like Malamutes, Huskies & Akitas being given up for adoption. As the final series starts, please remember that #ADogIsForLife, not just the duration of a TV series
Ultimately, I can't believe it went to a decision. Amazing work from Mr Poirier. #UFC236
That was something special. #UFC236
Performance of the Night. #UFC236 
Want to win these awesome signed and customized games?!  is holding a #fundraiser where you can donate $5 and have the chance to win! POP is a for-purpose organization that builds schools, trains teachers and sends kids to school!

Living the #205Life. 
"The Cheeky Nodder" 

The best photo of you from axxess pictures cherishing the women's title  
If I took a photo with you at Axxess, please tweet it to me. Humourous ones will be retweeted.
I was told to tweet this to 
Remember these two? This is them now. Feel old
 
It's time for #205Live at #WrestleMania!
Blonde. Strawberry Blonde.
Hall of Fame
Hall of Fame ! 
#WrestleMania #WWEHOF #205Live 
Perhaps my favourite interaction at #Axxess today, aside from the child walking around with a full-sized kendo stick, was when someone said "I love your work on  
 
We had the absolute pleasure of chatting with my new favorite person  for this week's Beastcast. What a spectacular guy, total opposite of  and I mean that 
the delightful  joins us on this week's Beastcast to talk about the cilantro like qualities of baseball, inform us about the UK hockey scene, and judge Dan harshly for his bathroom crimes. also, video games, I think! 
 
LIVE from New York and presented by  the most prestigious prize in all of sports entertainment-based video gaming will be decided as five of  top gamers bring it all to the floor for the honors of being the first-ever #UUDDChampion! 
Just recorded an exceptionally long Beastcast with the great  Look for it tomorrow morning!
The Post #205Live Q&A starts now! Click on My Story to take part:  



Tomorrow is my Korakuen Hall debut for DDT! KO-D Tag Team titles on the line  
Congrats to the #NXTDaytonaBeach Fan of the Night  who met 
I realy wish you could edited tweets. 

“Of My Face”*

If she sees this I’ll be embarrassed! 
Finally it has happened to me right in my face. And I just cannot hide
  I forgot to post this #FBF to our the first time we tagged. I can still hear him screaming at me from the
Well look at what we have here! 

 vs. 
Trevor Lee is top 3 of the best professional wrestlers I’ve ever shared a ring
GO GO ACH!! 
#Super 
Wave check before #NXTOrlando. Albert let me borrow his
Guy walks in to the sauna just now and asked if he can “heat it up”... 

He pours water on the sauna unit with the sign above it that says: PLEASE DO NOT POUR LIQUID OVER THE ROCKS. WILL CAUSE ELECTRICAL SAUNA UNIT TO SHORT CIRCUIT

Me at the

My New EP
"Metal Face Hokage"
Produced entirely by  
Coming May 21st
My middle name isn’t
 
Happy birthday to one of my favorite people and dearest friends.

 I’m sure you still in church so I’ll talk to you when service ends around midnight, my brother. Enjoy your day!

Happy Easter too! 
Your mcm is likely a dude who doesn't wash his hands after he uses the bathroom 

I wish I was joking, but I just caught some woman taking a photo of my butt at the gas station.
Happy
Hero’s Grip 
“Hurricane Leaf” 
Hyped! 

. took to the skies against #NXTUK's  and #WWENXT's  in a HIGH-FLYING Triple Threat Match on WWE
“Hero’s Grip” 
Chopped him so hard I got the Salsa Ghost. 
#PS4share

Did tons of sketching at #WizardWorld Comic Con last weekend. A popular request is anime mash ups. This one made me think of 
  

My journey is only getting started!
Internet this for you.

As promised 

Mr. Boom Boom
Yo   can you please drop a remix to “My President” for Kofi..?
We on
awesome to finally meet  at wrestlemania axxess! been a fan for a while, had a nice talk about his name  thank you ACH or Albert
Awesome to have  in  always been a huge
I’m sad I cant go to image anime. Saw they had a Nappa S.H.Figuarts for my collection.

Next time, New York... Next
One year, young  wanted a  for. Instead,  gave him a much greater gift.
Now that I’m employed with WWE I will be asking them to remove any and all “Final Fantasy 8 sucks” signs at shows.

Thank you!
I had one heck of a fight with  and  at Axxess earlier on tonight, check it out when it hits the   Back up nice and early for  action between 8am and 12 noon
Plus
“And Neeeeeew WWE WORLD champion! Kofi Kingston!”

Me all night after
Lost in New
We asked  Superstars      and  about their favorite #Wrestlemania moment!

Full video Link: 
Mortal Kombat style super kick. 
They put ya boy in a  official
Subscribe!  
We are one night away from #WaleMania. Tickets are almost sold out. Let’s pack this son of a bitch. 
  

The  &  about to bring you something special!
. was no playing around once they went over the guardrail 

He legit
Walking in to Wrestlemania weekend
This is Real Life. This is     via 
We found a new building!!!
How’s everyone doing today? 

(Only positive replies only)
FOLLOW THE FORCES 




 and the reason your favorite wrestler has his style.  
Yo  

Anyway we can get a Yu Yu Hakusho game ?
And this is what it’s like
This is Stroke Daddy
Enjoy - Share -
Ultima Weapon! (The move is called that.) 


#令和最初のそば
**NEW SHIRT PREORDERS**

The latest collab between  & Ted the Cat for when you need a little extra motivation 

Keeping this open for just a little bit so preorder today! vedavidivici
 

平成最後のごんぎつね
 
#ddtpro #tjpw #basara_pw #ガンプロ
The last match of the Heisei era is live on   ! Go watch it!

#ddtpro
YEAH! RT & SHARE!  
TOPE CON FOREARM! 
本日平成最後の日
19時からDDT定例記者会見
23:30分頃からは新時代令和へ繋ぐ、
豪華・全ブランドの現王者が集結する道場マッチを生中継
￼
記者会見は完全無料、道場マッチは有料会員限定配信!

#DDT定例会見 #ddtpro #tjpw #basara_pw #ガンプロ
#ddtuniverse
my number 1 face 
16 GO TO WAR - JUNE 1 & 2 - TORONTO
#TheNorthern 2019 - with         & more

 
  
IT'S MONDAY!
Most wrestlers now aren’t tall enough now days
 
Oh my God! Stop trying to ruin things for people. I have not seen it yet so if even you just want to discuss it or feel like "being a heel"...

DO NOT POST ANY SHREK 5 SPOILERS!
2019-4-28  in Korakuen, Match 6: Moonlight Express leap together off of the turnbuckle and outside off the ring on to Ricky Starks and Mike Rollins.
SKY LOVE HURRICANE! 
Thank you Japanese Sports Center for blessing my workout with this full Aqua album. I can feel Barbie Girl deep in my rear delts. 
ベイリーのグリーンティー ・プランジ 
ムンエクのスカイラブハリケーン #ddtpro
ムンエクのみちのくトルネードドライバー #ddtpro
キャノンボール450°とその場飛びムーンサルトダブルニードロップの同時発射で決まったと思ったが。 #ddtpro
Today's loss is very hard to swallow but it's better with Pickles.

#ddtpro
This but about Pro-Wrestling 
ムンエクのダブルのムーンサルトアタック #ddtpro
Fly me to the moon 
 
いらっしゃいませ

#ddtpro

TONIGHT on  -   faces off against the massive  , and Brent  challenges stable-mate  for the Smash Wrestling Championship!

Tune in to Sky 192/Freesat 161/TVPlayer.com or app at 10pm!
YEAH! 
In just over 12 hours, we will be fighting in Korakuen Hall to get back our KO-D Tag Team Championship.

I will now try to sleep well and dream that I live on a farm with a hundred dogs to be fully rested and prepared for tomorrow!

#MLX2017
KO-Dタッグを取り返せるか取り返せないかが下半期のMoonlight Expressに大きく影響を与えるでしょう
全てを良い方向へ!
そしてDDTのタッグチームの象徴に、MLXはなる!
#ddtpro 

明日は11時半から平成最後のDDT後楽園!明後日は平成最後の板橋!この3日間"平成最後"というワードを何回見るんだ(笑)。

皆様の御来場お待ちしてます!

4月28日後楽園直前情報/大石真翔40歳、遠藤を撃破しKO-Dグランドスラム達成なるか?竹下vs青木の名勝負再び!
  
My God. You
Who doesn't like Fingerling Potatoes?!
i love 5 finger sox, i bring back to united states from japan every time, but i bought nomal sox last night about 15years!? this sox is
"I did everything on my own, no help from parents. In Japan, so many people commit suicide. They say there's no fun in the world. No. I want to get fun, I want to give fun. I find fun... I love this job."
- Kikutaro, Wrestling Road Diaries
Please book  and I as mixed tag team!! 
hi Promotors! 
booking kikutaro to your promotion!

bring laugh and smile!

available
May 3.5.18.19
June 7.8.9.15.16.21.22.23.28.29.30
July all date
August 2.3.4.11.
September 13-30
Fly from Las Vegas NV
or Drive to Venue!

contact
kikutaro.booking
i very enjoyed my Favorite Artist Perfume Live in DTLA!! thanks great Perform!! arigato!! i love you! #FuturePopTour
i came my Favorite Artist Perfume Live in DTLA!!
yeah! #FuturePopTour
Wrestling Pro Wrestling Presents Russell Crowe Wrestling 2
.
Wrestler Announcements
.
 and  
.
Get your tickets in advance!
.
 
.
*Russell Crowe will not be
i went gym, but too hard my body!
just stretch day lol
we went glenwood hot springs after monument valley, beautiful land scape hot
im arrived home! crazy road trip!
america is huge,
america is beautiful,
what a amazing country!
thanks god for safe back to
Does Funny Equal Money? If you missed our #wrestlemania week kick-off event, you can still check it out via  Unique matches, hilarious moments. Here are some highlights w/ fun music between  & 
#ProWrestling #money

LINK: 
i exchange my change to amazon gift in super market,
coin
coin star! coin star! i will change amazon gift
hey new york guys,
where is best place of buy starwars figure in near times square?
DDT referee kiso finding some starwars action figure in around times square!
i told him midtown comics,
i proud you kenny! 
thanks for  and NYC fan!
(((( ;゚д゚)))) 
justice sale now!!

NJPW stuff 30% OFF!!
kikutaro and another stuff 20% OFF!

enjoy mania weekend!

 
i have nothing! i have
love you
Rumor has it the beast is coming back to  and the bro couldn’t be happier! See you at #wrestlemania36  #bro #ob #originalbro #stallion
Bronic The Hedgehog  
About to do work bro #nxt #bro #ob #stallion
MAJOR CD PLAYER UPDATE: Thank you,  and 
Trying out new pens, and illustrating the milk covered exploits of   #sketch #drawing
Bidding ends tonight and I don’t wanna loose to  plus it’s for a good cause 
. returned home to #NXTStPaul and got to compete in front of her legendary father, 
I should probably start screaming TOASTY! when I do this now I guess. 

:  / 
Part 4 (the finale) of catching a lizard #ob #kingofbros #originalbro #brover
Part 3 of catching a lizard #ob #kingofbros #originalbro #brover
Part 2 of catching a lizard #ob #kingofbros #originalbro #brover
Part 1 of catching a
Wolf pac bro #imbringingitback #WOLFPACK #bropack #ob #originalbro #kingofbros #stallion #splx 
#LateNightWithTroop had our bro  stop by for a – at John Euliano Park
I HATE THE UNDISPUTED ERA WITH A
Mortal Kombat 11 is cool #mk11 #bro #stallion #ob #originalbro #kingofbros
imo the matt riddle photoshoot video is even funnier in the context of it being the end of a backstage confrontation
The one bro, the only bro, the ultimate bro  Catch him soon on  
Photo Grady
We are very proud to announce that Meiko Satomura is the latest athlete to join SPLX.

#SPLX #プロレス #MeikoSatomura #Sendai
“YOU’RE AN ANIMAL, YOU’RE A
It's all fun and games until you get in the way of  photoshoot. 

  
Bro. Everything ok, bro?  
BRO.

 isn't about to let The #UndisputedERA ruin  night on
That’s beautiful bro 
Sign this guy before the competition gets him 
Morning warm
EVOLVE Wrestling is about to get #RETRO! Check out the newest member of the WWN Family Anthony Greene ( in this Quick Hit! #WWN #EVOLVE

See Greene in action May 10th in Livonia, MI & May 11th in Indianapolis, IN!

Tickets & Info at  
Support a good cause and get cool stuff, sounds like a win win to me bro 
I was just thinking  if Dream was a werewolf what kind of werewolf would he be? Then it hit me “DREAM WOLF” Real talk I love photoshop 
 
*dont take this personal Dream it’s a joke*
           
         *PS I should be
My kids go hard on Easter  
FYI that’s the
Happy Holidays Everyone #ob #originalbro #kingofbros #stallion
Can’t stop won’t stop! I’ll always be a floating bro #brover #ob #stallion #kingofbros #originalbro #nxt
This is my life everyday #ob #originalbro #kingofbros #stallion #brover #nxt
I'm raising money to help my mom rebuild life after house fire.. Click to Donate:    via 
Sweet Senton 
This is an amazing picture taken by an amazing friend during wrestlemania weekend. What a time to be alive bro #originalbro #kingofbros #ob #stallion #wwe
When you smell bagels bites at a friends
On our interview with  he gives us the details on his interaction with  at #NXTTakeOverNewYork after the match.. take a listen 
Tickets are now on sale for the 10th Anniversary of EVOLVE/DGUSA on July 13th in Philadelphia, PA! Join us for a night celebrating the WWN Family Past & Present! #WWN #EVOLVE131

You should add this one to your arsenal bro  
#BROSHIDA  
#NXTSanford did not disappoint! As much as it burns me watching  &  lose, BroShida reigns supreme!   &  look like a well-oiled machine. Dusty Classic
⁦ Watch out ⁦ Flying sandals are a coming from Da ⁦ Get’em Matt!!!!!
Hey  this is how  and I stay
We take comedy
Wanna wish my Aunt Mel a Happy Birthday day and say that I love
Hey, I know you from somewhere... Ybor? 

 
Bro. Bro. Bro.


The King Of Bros 


The Bro is the main event.


  

Great match!

From
 
Ticket to NXT = $20 
Matt Riddle Bro Shirt =$25
Bro Bump from the  = PRICELESS!!! 

#NXTFSLive #BRO #NXT
Rare pic.. #WrestleMania
Wanted to shout out to my sexy lady, she likes Olympic lifting and I don’t but I love her – at WWE NXT
Ill glue my foot to your ass, you wanker 
After an amazing #NXTTakeOver during #WrestleMania weekend...

 is back on the road. See the #NXTRoadTrip in:

#NXTBethlehem 5/16
#NXTPhilly 5/17
#NXTBelAir 5/18
#NXTAsburyPark 5/19

Tickets go on sale this Friday at 10am ET on   .
Breaking News....

Austin Theory to defend the EVOLVE Title vs. NXT Superstar Raul Mendoza this Saturday in Ybor City, FL

Tickets and info:  

Use code "NXT" for 50% off GA
Last night after I chugged all that milk  at wrestlemania I found this car so I decided to search for  to try to fight him, long story short is he left right after his match because some dude hit him in the balls! Maybe next year Lesnar
John Cena coming out the gate hot and heavy
Pittsburgh, June
Burger Bear and Powa Ranjuru set to take on members of Dr Cube's posse in a tag match in London
Gomi-mon spotted in a midden in Manchester.
Almost time to dust this baby off! See you in two weeks
Almost time to dust this baby off. See you in 2 weeks London  
KAIJU BIG BATTEL Kinkeshi. M.U.S.C.L.E. figures Unboxing & Review
   via 
And the GLOW IN THE DARK set as well.
 #unboxing #actionfigures #toys #figures #kaiju
Burger Bear just received his work permit for the UK.
Let's get this (potato) bread!!! #kaiju #MotivationalMonday
Good RAWRning!
Tickets are still available for our super  show as part of #SSS16. Tag someone who would love to see Godzilla LIVE and in a safe, controlled environment (unless Dr Cube gets his way). 
Tix ->  
DDT新木場大会終了!アメリカ帰りの私のTシャツはこちら!

そしてガイジン達もやってきた!サイコマイクとリッキーステークス、藤原ライオン選手も!みんなチャンスを掴みにきてる。我々も負けてられない!

今日の映像はこちら!
↓

That Friday Feeling! #TGIF #platanos #brothers #wrestling #kaiju
If you work for or run a game review/criticism/journalism site, please take a look at Kaiju Big Battel: Fighto Fantasy! We even have a press release now!    #gamesjournalism #gamereviews #gamedev #indiedev #indiegame #Jrpg #rpg  
Takeshita Somato #KaijuVsDDT #DDTNYC #ddtpro #ddt路上プロレス #DDTUNIVERSE
BRAINBUSTER! #KaijuVsDDT #DDTNYC #ddtpro #ddt路上プロレス #ddtuniverse
French Toast refuses to go to London, says food is worse than licking Gomi-mons toes
5/4/19   at  
We didn't forget!  Happy National Unicorn Day from KAIJU BIG BATTEL!  It's a real thing.  We looked it
Danger can Happen Anywhere when  faces off against Dr Cube's Posse.    #morethanmania #ddtpro #thisiswrestling
Kaiju took a bite out of the Big Apple with not one, but TWO shows full of unforgettable moments!  Relive the bedlam in 4K as two tired men host our wrap-up on a Brooklyn street corner.  
We found out at the WWNLive Experience 2019 that indeed History Only Happens Once at  Now you too can enjoy the Video on Demand to see that monsters are real and danger can happen! Also available on Club WWN!!! #WWN #KBB 
GIMME AN OL’ RE-TWEET if ya wanna see the most amazing gift that I’ve EVAH been given.. A customized Matt Hardy pinball machine covering my entire career!

VIDEO HERE-   

Website HERE-   

Thank you, Queen Rebecca! I absolutely LOVE
I would love the opportunity to compete in the #MITB match. I know it’s already set.. But the card is always subject to change, right?

#NeverSayNEVAH 
Jeff Hardy: "I need surgery I'm going to be out for a long time"

Matt Hardy: "It breaks my heart to say this... as of right now The Hardy Boyz MUST give up the #SDLive Tag Team
Back to checking both bags.


It is a sad day.

CHIN UP, STRONG, KEEP MOVING FORWARD..

I MUST NOW WALK & FIGHT ALONE. 
The Hardys. TONIGHT.
STRENGTH
Thanks Bray !
Tomorrow night on #SDLive, The Hardys will address the online rumors that are going around about 

. and  came CRASHING DOWN from the top of the ladder in the #MITB Ladder Match at #WrestleMania
One day my run will be OVAH..

But
304... I’M

#BattleOfWinterfell was EPIC. Kudos,  
Arya
#HouseHardy is watching the  #BattleOfWinterfell in real-time & that is WONDERFUL!
King Maxel keeps me motivated whilst training. Pretty good videographer for 3 years old as well.. 
A good supplemental post-  
It tickles me when INTERNET NOBODIES create burner accounts (with either 0, 1, or 2 followers) in an attempt to send honorable tweeters insulting tweets.

Isn’t it hilariously sad & pitiful?

I am the only person in  history to hold these 5 different versions of #WWE Tag Team

The rivalry between myself &  to hold the high score on MH’s #EXPEDITIONofGOLD has gotten pretty intense at The Hardy Compound.
Finally got the opportunity to watch  excellent  Great job, pahrnur! Proud of you for sharing your powerful, personal & thought-provoking story with the world. Everyone should check this out.  
Fate will always throw obstacles in front of you & your path..

Don’t EVAH stop moving forward, either WORK your way over or around them..

Or leave those obstacles #BROKEN and continue your journey..

HAVE GRIT, NEVAH QUIT.
The Famous is turning 45 this year, and we’ve called in some friends to celebrate the monumental achievement! Thank you,  &  for helping us age almost as gracefully as you!
Check out some of "Matt Hardy’s Expedition of Gold" game toppers..

HARDY
#FBF 2001 Courtesy of The #HardyBoyz, it looks like The Hurricane  was the victim of an unfortunate Twist of Fate, as well as a Swanton

I chatted with  over #WrestleMania week about one of my favourite #WWE moments. 
Something to remember..

Ambitious, long-term goals can become overwhelming.. To avoid that stress, focus on succeeding one day at a time. Winning daily battles is the key to long-term successes.
On this day in 2001,  won the WWF European Championship #WWE #SmackDown
HARDY PARTY!

Intercontinental first, then the #WWE World Title. 
The remake of Fire & Ice, Ice Baby is
#TBT 2002 Jeff & I doing the photoshoot to capture a cover image for our autobiography, "Exist 2

The Hardy Boyz

Fear is only a four letter

PERSEVERANCE
NEVAH trust a Kevin Owens. I’ve known this for years. #SDLive  
YOWEY WOWEY !!!

WOKEN Matt
EVERYONE needs to play it, it is truly EPIC. 
YES! #TeamMiyagiDo is here to stay. Now it’s time to celebrate. Come back at midnight ET for season 2 of #CobraKai. #ad 
Breathe in. Breathe out. We’ll get them next round #TeamMiyagiDo. #CobraKai #ad 
This one’s tough. Come on #TeamMiyagiDo! #ad 

[VIDEO] Talking "Matt Hardy’s Expedition of Gold" custom pinball machine.. 

It’s time to take down #CobraKai. Tune in at 4 PM EST to watch us battle it out. Go #TeamMiyagiDo!
You were on fire tonight, #WWESiouxCity.. Much love!

Thanks for helping myself &  DELETE our opposition.. It was TOO
#TeamMiyagiDo knows true karate. Help us defeat #TeamCobraKai tomorrow at 4 PM EST on  #CobraKai
At 5:15 EST/4:15 Central I'm going to do a FaceBook LIVE talking about the custom pinball game that  built for me, "Matt Hardy's Expedition of Gold!"    WATCH HERE---> 
IT’S UNBELIEVABLE, BUT THIS IS REAL!  
I SEE NO LIE  
